---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-08-27"
date: 2023-08-27 07:52:48 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-08-27.mp3
summary: "Sony Predicts Remote Control of Heavy Machinery to Require Almost Essential Naked Eye 3D Display, and YouTube Game Development Show Wins Two Awards at CEDEC AWARDS 2023, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 27th, 2023."
duration: "139"
length: "02:19"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 27th, 2023. At the Computer Entertainment Developers Conference 2023 (CEDEC2023), Sony's Koki Takahashi and Yuto Kobayashi delivered a presentation titled 'The Era of Sony's Remote Space Reproduction in Front of Your Eyes.' They predicted that remote control of heavy machinery will soon require an almost essential naked eye 3D display.

During CEDEC2023, the winners of the CEDEC AWARDS 2023 were announced. A YouTube game development show received two awards, including the Grand Prize. The show was recognized for its technical achievements and contributions to the game development community.

Moving on to other news, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in Japan revealed that approximately 400-500 local governments will undergo individual data inspections as part of the My Number system's overall check. The names of the organizations involved will not be disclosed at this time.

In related news, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare reported that there are still around 770,000 incomplete data entries for the My Number health insurance card. Although the number of data errors has decreased, the ministry is working to address the remaining issues.

Volvo Cars announced the release of their new electric vehicle, the EX30, in Japan. The vehicle features a higher percentage of recycled materials, reducing its overall carbon footprint compared to previous Volvo models. Additionally, the design facilitates easier recycling after the vehicle's lifespan.

NEC unveiled a new technology aimed at expediting the assessment of disaster-stricken areas. By utilizing large language models (LLM) and image analysis, NEC can narrow down and display the affected locations on a map at the street level. The company aims to implement this technology by March 2026.

Lastly, NTN announced the development of an AI-based technology that accurately predicts the remaining lifespan of rolling bearings. By combining deep learning and Bayesian learning, NTN has improved the estimation of remaining lifespan from the occurrence of detachment, a common cause of failure, to the usage limit.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
