---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-16"
date: 2023-10-16 08:10:19 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-16.mp3
summary: "Controversial Game Release and High-Tech Vending Machines, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 16th, 2023."
duration: "127"
length: "02:07"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 16th, 2023. In today's news, Square Enix's latest game release, 'Infinity Strash Dragon Quest: The Adventure of Dai,' has received mixed reviews from gamers. The game, which was released at the end of September, has faced harsh criticism online.

Moving on to our next story, JR Tokai has announced plans to install vending machines selling the popular 'Shinkansen Sugoikatai Ice Cream' at its stations, including the Nozomi stops. This decision comes as a response to the discontinuation of onboard wagon sales on the 'Nozomi' and 'Hikari' trains.

Next up, McDonald's Japan has unveiled their upcoming 'Happy Set' promotion, which will feature a mini encyclopedia of yokai creatures created by Mizuki Shigeru. Customers can use their smartphones to bring these yokai to life.

In gaming news, Microsoft has announced the completion of its acquisition of Activision Blizzard. The deal, which was approved by the UK's Competition and Markets Authority, will see many of Activision Blizzard's games added to the Xbox Game Pass.

Moving on to a unique kitchen appliance, Tiger Corporation has developed a rice cooker called the 'Magic Kamado Gohan' that uses flames instead of electricity as its heat source. The product, introduced as a disaster preparedness item in commemoration of Tiger's 100th anniversary and the 100th anniversary of the Great Kanto Earthquake, is also aimed at camping enthusiasts and educational institutions.

In the travel industry, Hoshino Resorts has introduced a new accommodation plan called 'Digital Detox Stay,' which encourages guests to lock away their smartphones in a secure case and provides notebooks as an alternative to cameras and social media.

Lastly, Itochu Techno-Solutions has announced a collaboration with rinna, the communication AI provider, to enhance support for building enterprise-specific AI systems.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
