---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-18"
date: 2023-10-18 08:00:43 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-18.mp3
summary: "Ultra-Light Saxophone Plays with Humming, NTT Group Data Breach, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 18th, 2023."
duration: "113"
length: "01:53"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 18th, 2023. In today's news, Sony showcased the 'Ultra-Light Saxophone' at CEATEC JAPAN 2023, which allows you to play the saxophone by humming. This innovative instrument has attracted a lot of attention. Moving on to our next story, NTT Docomo announced that approximately 72,000 customer records were illegally taken by a former contract employee from NTT West Japan Group's NTT Marketing Act ProCX in Osaka. This incident has raised concerns about data security and privacy. Now, let's talk about the Defense Ministry and the Maritime Self-Defense Force's recent achievement. They conducted a test of the 'Railgun,' a device that uses electromagnetic force to shoot projectiles. This test, conducted at sea, is being hailed as a world-first. Shifting gears to the world of gaming, Pokemon GO has introduced a new feature called 'Team Collaboration,' which allows up to four friends to play together in raids. During raid battles, the power of special attacks is doubled when using this feature. And in a concerning development, it was revealed that a former contract employee of NTT Marketing Act ProCX, a subsidiary of NTT West, accessed and took out taxpayer information equivalent to approximately 140,000 individuals in Fukuoka Prefecture. This incident highlights the importance of robust security measures to protect sensitive data. Lastly, Honda announced the name of their new small business jet, the 'HondaJet Echelon.' The company aims to have its maiden flight in 2026. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech innovations and news from Japan.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
