---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-02"
date: 2023-05-02 08:04:54 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-02.mp3
summary: "TOHO Cinemas raises ticket prices, Canon teases new camera, PayPay stops taking non-PayPay credit cards, Twitter introduces pay-per-article, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 2nd, 2023."
duration: "121"
length: "02:01"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 2, 2023. 

[TOHO Cinemas](/companies/toho-cinemas) has announced that it will raise its movie ticket prices by 100 yen for general admission and 100 yen for senior admission starting from June 1. The new prices will be 2000 yen and 1300 yen, respectively. 

[Canon](/companies/canon) has launched a [teaser site for a new product](https://canon.jp/personal/product/new-202305) that will be revealed on May 11. The site features an object that appears to be a new camera and the phrase "New possibilities for Vlog." 

[PayPay](/companies/paypay), a Japanese mobile payment service, has announced that it will stop accepting payments from credit cards other than its own PayPay card from August 1. The company will also introduce a 2.5% charge for its "combined payment" service, which allows users to pay their mobile phone bills and other expenses together. 

PayPay's decision to stop accepting payments from other credit cards and introduce a charge for its combined payment service has sparked a trend on Twitter with the hashtag "PayPay worsening" ([#PayPay改悪](https://twitter.com/hashtag/PayPay改悪)). The company has explained that this move was made after considering various factors. 

Twitter CEO Elon Musk has announced that the platform will launch a feature that allows users to pay for individual articles on media websites in May. This feature will enable users to pay for articles with one click. 

[Mercari](/companies/mercari), a Japanese e-commerce company, has established a cross-functional team of experts in Generative AI and large-scale language models to advance its AI capabilities. The team will be led by former CEO of Sozo Uki Ishikawa. 

To celebrate the 45th anniversary of the anime "Space Pirate Captain Harlock," [Toei Animation](/companies/toei-animation) has started streaming the series for free on its official YouTube channel. The company plans to release five episodes every week for two weeks each. 

Canon's teaser site for a new camera and PayPay's changes to its payment services have been the most talked-about news stories today. It remains to be seen how these changes will affect the users of these services. And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
