---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-24"
date: 2023-05-24 08:31:17 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-24.mp3
summary: "Adobe releases beta version of Photoshop with AI-based generative fill feature, Nintendo to end repair services for Wii U after over 10 years since its release, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 24th, 2023."
duration: "82"
length: "01:22"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 24th, 2023. Adobe has released a beta version of Photoshop with an AI-based generative fill feature called Adobe Firefly. The feature allows users to fill in large areas of an image with patterns or textures based on a small selection of pixels. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism has announced the release of a mod for the city-building game Cities: Skylines called SkylinesPLATEAU, which uses real city data for players to simulate and learn from. Japanese confectionery company Imuraya has announced the virtual revival of the Anna Millers Takadanobaba store, which closed last year, through a VR platform. Netflix will exclusively stream an anime adaptation of Yoshinaga Fumi's manga series Ooku starting on June 29th. Dyson has unveiled a new robot vacuum cleaner, the Dyson 360 Vis Nav, which uses edge nozzles to clean along walls without stirring up dust. Nintendo has announced that it will end repair services for its Wii U console and peripherals once the parts inventory runs out. Finally, Yahoo has issued a warning about fraudulent articles disguised as interviews with celebrities on Yahoo! News, which may lead to users being scammed and their personal information being compromised.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
