---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-12"
date: 2023-05-12 11:08:40 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-12.mp3
summary: "DLsite and pixivFANBOX suspend sales of AI-generated content, Tokyo police arrest woman for SIM swap scam, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 12th, 2023."
duration: "104"
length: "01:44"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 12th, 2023.

The Japanese adult content website, DLsite, has suspended sales of AI-generated illustrations and comics. This follows a similar move by the website [pixiv](/companies/pixiv) FANBOX.

The Tokyo Metropolitan Police have arrested a woman on suspicion of using the SIM swap scam to steal money from other people's bank accounts. The Cyber Crime Countermeasures Division suspects the woman of fraud and violating the Organized Crime Punishment Act.

The AI implementation project team of Japan's ruling party, the Liberal Democratic Party, has invited the CEO of AI translation service DeepL to exchange opinions on the social implementation of AI.

[Canon](/companies/canon) has released a new compact camera, the PowerShot V10, specifically designed for vlogging. It features a vertical body and a 1-inch sensor with an ultra-wide-angle 19mm lens.

Cover Corp, the operator of Hololive, has established a new studio that cost approximately 2.7 billion yen and is capable of motion capture, music recording, and chroma key shooting.

CyberAgent has announced its own Japanese language model called LLM, which has already been developed up to 13 billion parameters and is being used for advertising production.

Google's chat AI, Bard, has disappointed some Japanese users due to issues with the font used in the presentation of its Japanese language support.

Lastly, a new AI chatbot service called ComicCopilot has been released by ARU, which supports manga artists in generating ideas, proofreading, and providing encouragement.
And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
