---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-27"
date: 2023-05-27 09:10:54 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-27.mp3
summary: "King Jim Subsidiary Launches New Home Appliance Brand 'Life on Products', Dwango Wins Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against FC2, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 27th, 2023."
duration: "81"
length: "01:21"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 27th, 2023. King Jim subsidiary, Life on Products, has launched a new home appliance brand called 'Life on Products', which includes stylish cleaning supplies and refrigerators. In other news, Pokemon GO players can participate in a two-day-only raid battle featuring the strongest Shadow Mewtwo. Moving on, Dwango has won a patent infringement lawsuit against FC2, with the court ordering FC2 to pay 11,015,517 yen in damages and to cease using Dwango's comment distribution system. Meanwhile, Nifcloud Rental Server will be discontinued on March 31, 2024, and users are encouraged to switch to other rental server services. Additionally, Listen, an AI-powered podcast transcription service, has continued to evolve, making it possible to search for specific content within a podcast. On the other hand, Adobe's AI-powered generative fill feature in Photoshop has raised concerns about the potential for fake images. In other news, Casio has announced that over 100 G-Shock watches and clocks will be subject to price increases starting on June 1st. Finally, Japanese AR glasses company Nreal has changed its name to Xreal and its brand to XREAL.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
