---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-20"
date: 2023-11-20 18:55:09 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-20.mp3
summary: "Online Payments for Public Funds to be Expanded, Former OpenAI Executive Joins Microsoft, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 20th, 2023."
duration: "106"
length: "01:46"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 20th, 2023. The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in Japan has decided to expand the online payment system 'eLTAX' to include not only taxes but also public funds such as national health insurance premiums. The aim is to improve convenience for residents and businesses, with a target start date of September 2026.

In other news, Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft, announced on his X account (formerly Twitter) that Sam Altman and Greg Brockman will be joining Microsoft.

Moving on, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Narcotics and Firearms Countermeasures Division has arrested YouTuber Ren Konno, also known as 'Gattsu-ch,' on suspicion of violating the Stimulants Control Act. Another individual, Ryoji Okumura, has also been arrested in connection with the case.

In the world of virtual YouTubers, four members of the agency 'Noripro' will be graduating. Starting from January, 'Shirayuki Mishiro,' 'Aimiya Miruku,' 'Himesaki Yuzuru,' and 'Nekose Noshin' will each pursue their own individual activities.

Shifting gears, the popular game 'Roblox' has been gaining popularity among children, including those as young as second grade. While many parents enjoy playing games with their children, Roblox seems to be an exception. The writer of this article is perplexed by the lack of interest in this particular game.

Lastly, SoftBank has experienced a service disruption in its fixed-line telephone service, 'Otokuline,' for two consecutive days. The cause of the issue has been attributed to NTT East.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
