---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-17"
date: 2023-10-17 08:15:11 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-17.mp3
summary: "Sharp Develops 'Healing Fan' Inspired by Energy-Efficient Flight of Owls at CEATEC | Ajinomoto Launches Website Showcasing 'Pan That Gets Burnt When Cooking Dumplings' | And more..., & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 17th, 2023."
duration: "115"
length: "01:55"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 17th, 2023. In today's news, Sharp has announced the development of a prototype 'Healing Fan' that generates a pleasant breeze, inspired by the energy-efficient flight of owls. The fan will be showcased at the CEATEC JAPAN 2023 event.

Ajinomoto, a frozen food company, has launched a website that features 3D data of frying pans that have been burnt while cooking dumplings. The website allows users to browse through 3,520 frying pans collected from across Japan.

In other news, the Van Gogh Museum has discontinued the distribution of Pikachu promotional cards due to suspected reselling by scalpers. The cards were part of a collaboration between the museum and Pokémon.

Moving on, QTnet, a telecommunications company, has released a web commercial in collaboration with the popular tokusatsu series 'Kamen Rider.' The commercial features four different videos showcasing Kamen Rider 1, Kamen Rider 2, V3, and a cyber attack theme.

Next, let's take a look at the desk environments of various employees at Metaps Holdings, an IT company. The company has shared photos and comments from employees, giving us a glimpse into their working spaces.

In an effort to enhance their operations, Sagamihara City has announced plans to introduce domestically developed generative AI. The city will collaborate with NEC to conduct joint verification of the AI technology.

Lastly, the recent live streaming of press conferences by Johnny's Entertainment has sparked discussions about the role of journalism in the digital age. The behavior of reporters on the scene and the impact of live streaming on journalism as a whole have become significant topics of debate.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
