---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-12-19"
date: 2023-12-19 09:04:06 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-12-19.mp3
summary: "Next-Gen Camera Captures the Unseen and Street View Animation Technology Developed, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for December 19th, 2023."
duration: "143"
length: "02:23"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on December 19th, 2023. In today's news, researchers at Rice University have proposed a next-generation camera technology that can capture things invisible to the human eye and traditional cameras. This innovative camera opens up new possibilities for imaging beyond what we can currently see.

Moving on to our next story, researchers at the University of Washington have developed a technique to animate Google Street View and other static images. By automatically placing pedestrians and cars in static scenes, they can transform them into dynamic videos. This technology brings a new level of realism and immersion to static images.

In other news, Adobe has announced that it is abandoning its acquisition of Figma, a design collaboration tool. Concerns raised by the European Commission and the UK Competition and Markets Authority have led to the decision to terminate the merger agreement. The necessary approvals could not be obtained, resulting in the discontinuation of the acquisition.

Shifting gears, the National Bank Network of Japan, also known as Zenkin-Net, has received an additional reporting order from the Financial Services Agency. This order is in response to the system failure that occurred in October. Zenkin-Net will comply with the order and provide the required reports as per the Financial Settlement Act.

In other news, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications announced its intention to raise postal rates in the fall of 2024. The price of standard letters weighing 25 grams or less will increase from the current 84 yen to 110 yen, while postcards will see an increase from 63 yen to 85 yen. This adjustment reflects the decrease in postal mail volume due to digitalization.

Lastly, Intel has unveiled its new CPU, the 'Core Ultra,' designed for the era of AI-generated content. Alongside the '5th Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors,' Intel showcased the capability of running AI-generated content locally. These processors offer enhanced performance for image generation and leverage low-latency memory for improved efficiency.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
