---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-01"
date: 2023-10-01 08:30:20 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-01.mp3
summary: "Lenovo Inherits FCNT Business, KDDI Releases TORQUE New Model, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 1st, 2023."
duration: "126"
length: "02:06"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 1st, 2023. In today's news, Lenovo, the Chinese PC giant, has taken over the product and service businesses of FCNT, a mobile phone manufacturer that had filed for civil rehabilitation in May 2023. The new entity, FCNT LLC, will begin operations on October 1st. Moving on, KDDI, also known as au, has announced the release of the TORQUE G06, a rugged smartphone manufactured by Kyocera. The new model will be available from October 19th. Meanwhile, Chugai Pharmaceutical is leveraging AI technology across the entire company to accelerate drug discovery. They recently held a briefing on their digital transformation initiatives, highlighting the current status and future prospects of their AI utilization. Additionally, the Japanese government, led by Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, is incorporating support measures for invoice system implementation in the October economic package. The aim is to address concerns among small and medium-sized businesses and ensure a smooth transition to the new system. In other news, a system failure at the Tokyo Air Traffic Control Center in Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture, resulted in delays for 118 flights. The incident was caused by a malfunction in the air route control processing system (TEPS). Furthermore, PEEKACHU and NEC have launched a new service that allows customers to earn and use points using facial recognition technology. By simply scanning their faces with a tablet camera installed in stores, customers can accumulate and redeem points through the Face Passpoint Service. Lastly, various IT vendors are strengthening their ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) capabilities. Canon IT Solutions has absorbed SuperStream, a company specializing in ERP package development, to enhance its ERP business. Other companies such as TERRASKY and Fujitsu have also announced their entry into or reinforcement of the ERP market.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
