---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-05"
date: 2023-11-05 08:27:53 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-05.mp3
summary: "KDDI Reports Increased Revenue and Profit, Baccarat Faces Potential Data Breach, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 5th, 2023."
duration: "163"
length: "02:43"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 5th, 2023. In today's news, KDDI, also known as au, has announced its financial results for the period from April to September 2023. The company experienced a 1% increase in revenue, reaching 2.7789 trillion yen, and a 0.2% increase in operating profit, reaching 560.3 billion yen. This marks a positive performance for KDDI. 

Moving on to another story, glass manufacturer Baccarat has revealed that it may have suffered a data breach due to unauthorized access. Approximately 300,000 pieces of customer data in Japan are at risk of being exposed. Baccarat is currently addressing the situation and taking necessary measures to protect its customers' information.

In other news, NTT DoCoMo and NTT Communications have announced their plans to offer the 'Starlink Business' satellite broadband internet service for corporate customers. The service is expected to be launched later this year. NTT DoCoMo aims to follow in the footsteps of KDDI and SoftBank in providing this innovative solution.

Speaking of SoftBank, the company has successfully listed its new type of stock, called 'bond-type preferred shares,' on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Prime Market. The funds raised from this listing will be invested in next-generation social infrastructure, including the development of AI technologies.

Moving on, Toyota is expressing concerns about the increasing export of electric vehicles (EVs) from Chinese manufacturers to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Due to the economic slowdown in China, EV exports to ASEAN countries, such as Thailand, are on the rise. Toyota's CFO, Yoichi Miyazaki, highlighted the competitive pressure from Chinese manufacturers and the need for Toyota to respond strategically in the ASEAN market.

In the world of 5G IoT, Ericsson has achieved a successful trial of RedCap (Reduced Capability) in India. RedCap is a specification for IoT applications in the 5G network, enabling low-latency and efficient data communication.

Lastly, a new password guessing technique poses a significant threat to password reuse. When passwords are leaked from one web service, there is a risk of unauthorized access to other services, known as a list-based attack. It is crucial to avoid reusing passwords to protect personal information and enhance online security.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
