---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-15"
date: 2023-10-15 08:10:29 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-15.mp3
summary: "Financial Authorities Demand Reports on All-Bank System Failure and Mitsubishi UFJ Bank's AI Development, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 15th, 2023."
duration: "137"
length: "02:17"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 15th, 2023. In today's news, the Financial Services Agency has issued a demand for reports regarding the recent system failure of the All-Bank Network. The All-Bank Network announced that it has received a request for a report based on the Payment Services Act from the Financial Services Agency. They are required to analyze the cause of the system failure and propose measures to prevent its recurrence by the end of November.

Moving on to our next story, Mitsubishi UFJ Bank participated in a press briefing hosted by Amazon Web Services Japan on the use of generative AI in the financial sector. They discussed the progress of their research on the application of generative AI in various banking processes such as transaction inquiries and draft document creation.

Next, Kyocera is set to launch a cloud service called 'Kyocera Robotic Service' on November 6th. This service will enhance collaborative robots by integrating AI and 3D vision, enabling them to perform autonomous actions and expanding their range of applications. Users will be offered subscription-based pricing plans tailored to their specific needs.

In a significant move, Google has announced that it will compensate customers of its cloud service, Google Cloud, and business groupware, Google Workspace, in the event of copyright infringement claims related to generative AI. This initiative follows similar actions taken by Microsoft and Adobe.

Additionally, Optex has recently released a new security sensor called 'REDSCAN mini-Pro.' This laser scan sensor is capable of detecting an area of 20m x 20m with just one unit, making it an efficient solution for crime prevention.

Lastly, let's touch on the topic of off-grid architecture. This refers to buildings that can operate independently of the power grid, generating their own energy and resources. Startups have entered the market, accelerating the development competition. Not only for residential purposes, but off-grid architecture is also being implemented in accommodations and other facilities.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
