---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-16"
date: 2023-05-16 09:03:06 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-16.mp3
summary: "Researchers in Switzerland develop AI algorithm to reconstruct video from mouse brain activity data, Kyocera withdraws from the consumer smartphone market and focuses on corporate smartphones and 5G-related equipment, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 16th, 2023."
duration: "78"
length: "01:18"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 16th, 2023. Researchers in Switzerland have developed an AI algorithm that can reconstruct video from mouse brain activity data. Meanwhile, researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have proposed a thin, fluid-based tactile display that can provide physical button sensations for smartphone apps and keyboards. Panasonic subsidiary has released a new model of embedded USB outlet with USB Type-C port, which is the first in the industry to support 60W output. Kyocera has announced its withdrawal from the consumer smartphone market and will focus on corporate smartphones and 5G-related equipment. In the latest episode of the manga 'Ichinichi Gaishutsuroku Hanchou,' an AI-generated story was featured. DMM.com has announced its entry into the EV charging station business, offering a 6kW charger and a zero-yen plan for business operators. Yahoo! Auctions temporarily banned the sale of electric kick scooters that do not require a license, which will be legal from July 1st. Finally, a playlist of music that the late musician Ryuichi Sakamoto created for his own funeral has been released on Spotify.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
