---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-07"
date: 2023-05-07 08:23:24 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-07.mp3
summary: "Rapidus joins imec's program, Keyence high profitability, typosquatting attacks increase, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 7th, 2023."
duration: "122"
length: "02:02"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 7, 2023. Let's take a look at the headlines.

First up, Rapidus, a national foundry in Chiyoda, Tokyo, announced on April 4 that it will participate in imec's core partner program, a semiconductor research institution in Belgium. This will allow Rapidus to use imec's semiconductor manufacturing equipment for research and development towards the production of the cutting-edge 2nm generation logic semiconductors.

Moving on, Keyence announced its financial results for the fiscal year 2022 on April 27, with an operating profit margin of 54.1%, indicating high profitability for the year.

Next, the tactic of misleading individuals through typosquatting, which involves directing users to fake websites through similar-sounding or -looking URLs, continues to be used in various attacks, from phishing scams to technical support fraud, malware infections, and more.

In networking news, while hardware appliances have been the norm for network equipment, virtual appliances have been gaining prominence in recent years, with some questioning whether virtual load balancers are slower than physical ones.

In architecture news, Nikkei Cross Tech has compiled a ranking of its top 10 articles from May 1 to May 7, with the most-read article being about supporting energy-saving measures for housing and promoting the use of domestic materials in response to rising prices.

In customer success news, the fourth installment of a serialized story from the book "Practical Customer Success: Experience Stories Set in B2B Service Companies" by Nikkei BP, focuses on the importance of collecting customer feedback and using it to improve services.

Lastly, Adachi Ward announced on May 1 that there were issues with the issuance of incorrect resident certificates through Fujitsu Japan's convenience store certificate issuance service, with the cause being attributed to a separate malfunction in the system. And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
