---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-18"
date: 2023-11-19 07:34:36 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-18.mp3
summary: "Sega's Master System Returns with Yakuza 7 Spin-off and Yanmar Holds General Vote for Next Generation, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 19th, 2023."
duration: "114"
length: "01:54"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 18th, 2023. In today's news, Sega fans are in for a treat as the beloved 'Yakuza' series releases its latest spin-off game, 'Yakuza 7: The Man Who Erased the Name.' This new game provides a nostalgic experience by allowing players to enjoy retro games from Sega's 'Master System.' Moving on to the world of machinery, Yanmar, known for its power to move anything from large to small objects, has started a general vote to determine the next generation of 'Yanbo' and 'Marbo.' Now, let's dive into the world of technology and communications. NTT, Japan's leading telecommunications company, has responded to a tweet from Rakuten Mobile's chairman, Hiroshi Mikitani, regarding NTT's approach to the NTT Law. NTT's official Twitter account (@NTTPR) stated that their response represents the official stance of NTT. Switching gears to fashion, a collaboration between 'Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo,' a popular manga and anime series, and ZOZOTOWN, an online fashion retailer, is in the works. Stay tuned for more details on this exciting collaboration. In transportation news, JR East has announced that certain sections of the Yamanote Line will be suspended over the weekend due to platform expansion work at Shibuya Station. And finally, ANYCOLOR, the company behind the VTuber group 'Nijisanji,' has announced the launch of the 'VTA Super Elite Driver Auditions' as part of their talent development project, 'Virtual Talent Academy.' They are currently seeking VTubers with various professional backgrounds, such as doctors, lawyers, and beauticians. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech trends and developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
