---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-10"
date: 2023-06-10 09:22:20 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-10.mp3
summary: "Tamagotchi Uni with AWS integration released by Bandai, Adobe to offer commercial image generation and editing with Adobe Firefly Enterprise version, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 10th, 2023."
duration: "99"
length: "01:39"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 10th, 2023. Bandai has released a new Tamagotchi device called Tamagotchi Uni that comes with built-in Wi-Fi and allows users to visit the metaverse. What's interesting is that the device's news release mentioned the involvement of Amazon Web Services (AWS). In other news, Adobe announced that it will be releasing an enterprise version of its image generation AI, Adobe Firefly, in the second half of 2023. This version will be available for commercial use and will be integrated with CMS solution Adobe Experience Manager. Meanwhile, Pokemon GO players can look forward to a Community Day event featuring the Pokemon Kibago, as well as the start of a new raid featuring Shadow Freiza. On the tech side, cloud vendor MK System is still facing issues following a ransomware attack that has caused eight of its services to be down for four days with no end in sight. Finally, Amagasaki City has announced that it will be seeking 29 million yen in damages from its contractor BIPROGY over the loss of a USB memory device in 2022, while the All-Japan Student Shogi Federation has apologized for a cheating incident during the Student Meijin Tournament and urged people to refrain from making derogatory comments about the players. Lastly, the Merucard credit card, which is linked to Mercari, has issued over one million cards in just six months. In other news, Cluster CEO Naoto Kato has announced on Twitter that Cluster will definitely support Apple's Vision Pro.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
