---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-27"
date: 2023-11-27 08:15:20 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-27.mp3
summary: "Saitama Sequel Film Released Amid Controversy, and Self-Driving Bus Accident Halts Operations, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 27th, 2023."
duration: "118"
length: "01:58"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 27th, 2023. In our first news story, the sequel to the movie 'Fly Me to Saitama,' titled 'Fly Me to Saitama: With Love from Lake Biwa,' was released on the 23rd. The original movie, released in 2019, sparked discussions with its satirical portrayal of Saitama. Moving on to our next story, a self-driving bus operated by BOLDLY, a subsidiary of SoftBank, was involved in an accident during a demonstration in Fukuoka City. The autonomous bus named 'MiCa' collided with another vehicle while operating in autonomous mode, leading to the suspension of its operations. Now, let's shift gears and talk about the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries. They recently released a video on their official YouTube channel showcasing the desk environments of their employees. The video provides a glimpse into the workspaces of the employees from the Ministry's Management Bureau and Consumer and Safety Bureau, highlighting their work styles and personal interests. Next up, Motorola Mobility Japan introduced the 'razr 40,' a compact and practical smartphone that could make foldable phones more accessible. With its balanced combination of weight, features, and price, the razr 40 offers a user-friendly experience. Turning our attention to online shopping, Amazon kicked off its 'Black Friday' sale on November 24th, which will run until December 1st. The sale features a wide range of products at discounted prices, with pre-sales starting on the 22nd. And finally, starting April 1st, Mitsui Sumitomo Bank announced an increase in the ATM fees for using Yucho Bank ATMs. Customers using Mitsui Sumitomo Bank's cash cards will face an additional fee of 110 yen when using Yucho Bank ATMs. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates in the world of technology.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
