---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-12"
date: 2023-10-12 07:58:29 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-12.mp3
summary: "Adobe Refreshes AI for Image Generation and Text-to-Video Conversion, and Mitsui Real Estate Introduces Delivery System for Condominiums, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 12th, 2023."
duration: "142"
length: "02:22"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 12th, 2023. In today's news, Adobe has updated its AI model, Firefly, which allows users to generate images by simply pasting a prompt. The new model, called Adobe Firefly Image 2 Model, replaces the previous version and brings additional features. Meanwhile, Mitsui Real Estate has announced a new delivery system for its condominiums under construction in Tokyo's Shinagawa Ward. The system allows delivery personnel to unlock the auto lock and deliver packages to the designated delivery area, even when residents are not present.

Moving on to other news, J-LIS has resolved the system glitch that caused processing delays for My Number Card procedures on October 10th. The company announced that the issue has been resolved, and local government procedures have resumed.

In the world of e-commerce, the app 'Kauche' has introduced a new feature called 'Kauche Farm.' Users can now harvest crops in the in-app farm, and the harvested products will be delivered to their homes. This feature provides a unique experience for users and allows them to receive the products they grow in the virtual farm.

Next, let's take a peek into the bookshelves of IT and web-related company executives. This time, we'll explore the bookshelves and reading preferences of the management team at LegalOn Technologies, a legal SaaS company that has recently raised 17.9 billion yen in funding. By looking at the books they read, we can gain insights into the influences and perspectives of these leaders in the IT industry.

Shifting gears to gaming news, the announcement of the new PS5 by SIE has sparked discussions about potential price increases. On social media platform X, keywords like 'PS5 price increase' and 'controller price increase' briefly trended. While some users expressed concerns, others acknowledged the efforts made by Sony Interactive Entertainment considering the exchange rate.

Lastly, Google Cloud has unveiled a new learning resource called 'The Arcade,' where users can learn about Google Cloud's AI generation tools for free. This gamified learning platform allows users to earn points and even win prizes while exploring the world of AI generation tools provided by Google Cloud.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
