---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-09-25"
date: 2023-09-25 07:46:33 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-09-25.mp3
summary: "New Monster Hunter Game Released and BALMUDA Introduces Hot Plate Experience, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 25th, 2023."
duration: "121"
length: "02:01"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 25th, 2023. In today's news, Niantic has released a new smartphone app called 'Monster Hunter Now.' The app is a location-based game where players can explore the real world while hunting monsters. Even those who haven't played this type of game before, like myself, decided to give it a try for the sake of getting some exercise.

Next, BALMUDA has announced their latest product, the 'BALMUDA The Plate Pro' hot plate. BALMUDA, known for their popular fans and toasters, has had some ups and downs in their smartphone business, ultimately deciding to withdraw after just two years. With the introduction of this hot plate, they are hoping to make a comeback. We spoke to the developers to learn about the development process and their vision for the product.

Moving on, we have a unique keyboard called 'GrabShell' that allows users to grip and type. It's definitely an unconventional keyboard, and we had the opportunity to try it out for ourselves.

In other news, the new iPhone 15 series has been released in China. Despite strong pre-orders, there are some challenges, such as the Chinese government prohibiting the use of foreign smartphones for official purposes and local Chinese manufacturers seeking to compete.

GMO Internet Group has announced that Professor Yutaka Matsuo from the University of Tokyo, known for his AI research, has joined them as an advisor. This appointment is expected to accelerate the utilization of AI.

A YouTuber known for creating controversial content has been generating revenue through extreme videos. Recently, a US-based internet streamer, Ismael Ramsey Khalid, also known as Johnny Somari, was arrested by the Osaka Prefectural Police for illegally entering a construction site in Osaka.

Lastly, at the Tokyo Game Show, furniture and soundproof room displays have been drawing attention. According to exhibitors, there has been an increase in popularity due to the demand for home entertainment during the COVID-19 pandemic.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
