---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-02"
date: 2023-10-02 08:29:02 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-02.mp3
summary: "Google Unveils Hat-shaped Keyboard and Patlabor-style Robot Development Announced, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 2nd, 2023."
duration: "106"
length: "01:46"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 2nd, 2023. In the world of tech news, Google has released a new keyboard called 'Gboard Hat Version.' This unique keyboard features keycaps that resemble hats, and it is designed to be wearable, portable, and fashionable. Moving on to gaming news, a manga artist who couldn't wait for the release of 'Yakuza' games attended the Tokyo Game Show 2023 and had the chance to try out 'Yakuza 8' and 'Yakuza 7 Gaiden: The Man Who Erased His Name.' Now, let's talk about robotics. A robot venture called MOVELOT has announced the development of a robot inspired by the anime series 'Patlabor EZY.' This robot, named 'Ingram,' will be piloted by humans and can be controlled. Shifting gears to software, Adobe has officially released the browser version of 'Photoshop.' This version allows users to access Photoshop's features directly from their browsers without the need for installation. It also includes functionalities such as Adobe's AI tool, 'Firefly.' In camera news, Sony has introduced two new models, the 'α7C II' and 'α7CR.' These cameras offer significant improvements in image quality and user interface, making them a worthy upgrade for current α7C users. On the business front, FCNT, the company behind the 'arrows' smartphones, has announced its revival with the support of Lenovo's investment. They will continue to maintain the 'arrows' and 'RakuRaku Smartphone' brands. Lastly, a long-standing DIY PC magazine, 'DOS/V POWER REPORT,' will cease publication after 33 years of operation. The final issue, the '2024 Winter Edition,' will be released on December 28th, 2023.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
