---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-27"
date: 2023-06-27 08:52:47 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-27.mp3
summary: "Nintendo Addresses Stock Split Controversy | Mobile Suica Service Disruption, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 27th, 2023."
duration: "130"
length: "02:10"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 27th, 2023. Nintendo has issued a statement regarding its stock split following a controversial question raised by individual shareholders during the annual general meeting. The shareholders expressed their strong desire for the 'Splatoon' series, sparking a debate. In other news, JR East has experienced a disruption in its mobile Suica service due to a power supply error during maintenance work. The error occurred when an incorrect breaker was switched off, leading to a loss of power supply to the system server.

Moving on, JR East and Rakuten Payment have announced that their collaboration between the 'Rakuten Pay' and 'Mobile Suica' services is now available on iOS devices. This integration allows users to charge their Suica cards using their iPhones.

In a cautionary note, Mercari has issued a warning regarding the listing of handmade products created using 3D printers. The company highlights concerns about hygiene issues, particularly with items such as tableware and kitchen utensils.

Next, a bug has been discovered in the login system of the Demae-kan membership service, exposing login information to third parties. The bug was caused by a flaw in the cache deletion process, affecting over 9.2 million accounts.

In an effort to enhance customer experience, Matsuya Foods has announced the introduction of free Wi-Fi in all of its 'Matsuya' beef bowl chain restaurants nationwide. The service will be available starting from July 1st.

In a peculiar search result, a mysterious unofficial website called 'ChatGPT Japan Site' is appearing at the top of Google search results when searching for 'ChatGPT.' The identity of the website's operator remains unknown, so caution is advised when accessing it.

Lastly, TV Aichi has announced that the semifinals of the '71st Oza Tournament Challenger Decision Tournament' between Shogi players Sota Fujii and Yoshiharu Habu will be livestreamed on YouTube and other platforms, starting at 10 a.m. until the end of the match.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
