---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-29"
date: 2023-11-29 08:08:52 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-29.mp3
summary: "Top Christmas Gift for Kids: Game Software; Delivery Delays at Sagawa Express, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 29th, 2023."
duration: "104"
length: "01:44"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 29th, 2023. In today's news, Bandai has released the results of a survey on the most desired Christmas presents for children. According to the survey, the top choice is 'game software.' Bandai conducted the survey among children aged 3 to 12 and their parents.

In other news, Sagawa Express has announced a temporary suspension of its delivery notification service, 'Smart Club,' and the notifications sent through LINE. The company attributes the suspension to a significant increase in packages and resulting delivery delays.

Moving on, McDonald's Japan has announced a collaboration with the popular smartphone game 'Fate/Grand Order' (FGO). They will be launching a Christmas campaign in partnership with the game.

In a surprising turn of events, JR West Japan Group has reported an internal misconduct case. A 20-year-old employee was found to have kept an IC card that was lost by a passenger and used it multiple times for unauthorized rides.

In the tech world, Amazon Web Services (AWS) has introduced a new pricing plan for its quantum computing service, 'Amazon Braket.' Users can now make reservations in hourly increments and have the option for exclusive resource usage.

Lastly, the Digital Agency of Japan has started soliciting public comments regarding the 'My Number Card.' They are seeking opinions on whether the card's name should be changed, along with other aspects such as the information displayed on the card and the encryption method used.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
