---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-19"
date: 2023-10-19 08:03:04 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-19.mp3
summary: "New Timer Product Released by Studio Ghibli and Major Data Breach at NTT Subsidiary, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 19th, 2023."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 19th, 2023. In today's news, Studio Ghibli's official merchandise store, 'Ghibli ga Ippai Donguri Kyowakoku,' announced the release of a new product called 'Muska's 3-Minute Timer.' This timer is based on the character 'Muska' from the movie 'Castle in the Sky,' and as the name suggests, it can measure time for up to 3 minutes.

Moving on to our next story, the All Bank Network has been facing network issues with their 'National Bank Data Communication System.' The exact cause of the problem has not been identified yet, despite reports suggesting it could be due to memory shortage.

In a concerning development, Casio Computer Co. announced a potential data breach involving over 120,000 pieces of personal information of users of their educational app, 'ClassPad.net.' The breach occurred due to a database misconfiguration caused by system errors and inadequate operational management, leading to unauthorized access.

Next, we have news about a major data breach at NTT Marketing Act ProCX, a subsidiary of NTT. The breach has affected approximately 9 million customer records, including those of local governments. The extent of the impact and the specific information accessed have been summarized for reference.

In a surprising revelation, the prefectural government of Okayama announced that five of their previously used domains have been reacquired by third parties through auctions. The government has requested the removal of these sites.

Shifting gears, a recent survey conducted by MMD Research Institute found that less than 10% of people refer to the old Twitter platform as 'X,' while 70% still call it 'Twitter.'

Lastly, the Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA) has made their 'Internal Fraud Prevention Guidelines' available for free. These guidelines aim to help organizations prevent internal fraud by providing strategies and recommendations for dealing with third-party contractors and employees.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
