---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-12-05"
date: 2023-12-05 09:23:38 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-12-05.mp3
summary: "Big Camera Starts Accepting Applications for '2024 Lucky Boxes' and Meta Reorganizes 'Responsible AI' Team, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for December 5th, 2023."
duration: "145"
length: "02:25"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on December 5th, 2023. In our first news story, Big Camera, a popular electronics retailer in Japan, has started accepting applications for their '2024 Lucky Boxes' through their online store. These lucky boxes, which contain various products, including items like the 'iPad Lucky Box' and the 'Apple Watch Lucky Box,' come in 70 different variations. Customers have the chance to win these boxes through a lottery system.

Moving on to our second story, Meta, the company formerly known as Facebook, has announced the reorganization of their 'Responsible AI' team. This team is responsible for ensuring that AI development, operation, and usage are conducted ethically. The reorganization raises questions about why Meta felt the need to make these changes and how they plan to address AI ethics going forward.

Next up, Tesla has finally started delivering its long-awaited 'Cybertruck' in the United States. This electric pickup truck, which was first announced in November 2019, can accelerate from 0 to 100 kilometers per hour in just 2.7 seconds. It took Tesla four years to bring the Cybertruck to market, with prices starting at $69,900.

Moving on, the CEO of NVIDIA, Jensen Huang, recently met with Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida to discuss the supply of GPUs in Japan. During the meeting, Prime Minister Kishida requested that NVIDIA provide as many GPUs as possible within Japan. Huang responded by expressing his commitment to supplying GPUs to Japan to the best of their abilities.

In other news, Crypton Future Media's vocal synthesis software, Hatsune Miku, has received the 'Best Naming Award' at the Japan Naming Association's 'Japan Naming Awards 2023.' Hatsune Miku's unique name was recognized for its ability to expand the world of vocal synthesis.

And finally, scientists from Tokyo University and international partners have used the James Webb Space Telescope to discover ten supermassive black holes in distant galaxies, located approximately 12 to 13 billion light-years away. This remarkable finding provides valuable insights into the formation and evolution of black holes in the universe.

That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
