---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-03"
date: 2023-11-03 08:06:07 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-03.mp3
summary: "New Olympus TG-7 Tough Camera Released; Apple Reveals Behind the Scenes of New Mac Event, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 3rd, 2023."
duration: "112"
length: "01:52"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 3rd, 2023. In today's news, Olympus has released the highly anticipated successor to its popular TG series tough camera. The new camera, called the TG-7, is part of the OM SYSTEM brand and continues the tradition of rugged and durable cameras.

Moving on to Apple, the tech giant has given us a behind-the-scenes look at their recent Mac event. The event, called 'Scary Fast,' introduced the new MacBook Pro and iMac, both powered by the new M3 chip family. Apple shared a video titled 'Behind the scenes: An Apple Event shot on iPhone,' revealing the process of capturing the event using iPhones.

In other news, a security breach has affected the online grocery service of Kinsho Store, a supermarket chain owned by Kintetsu Group. The breach resulted in the potential leakage of personal information belonging to approximately 17,000 members.

CyberAgent, a Japanese internet service company, has once again made a large-scale language model available for free. The model, capable of commercial use, supports up to 32,000 tokens.

KDDI, a telecommunications company, is planning to invest billions of yen to optimize large-scale language models for specific industries and businesses. This collaboration aims to fine-tune the models, which serve as the foundation for AI-generated content.

Studio Ghibli has announced the discontinuation of its official X account (@JP_GHIBLI) on Twitter. The account will cease operations at the end of today, November 2nd.

And finally, Nissin Foods has released new LINE stamps featuring their iconic Cup Noodle with 'mystery meat' and 'squid' toppings. The collection includes 40 expressive stickers for users to enjoy.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
