---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-25"
date: 2023-05-25 08:09:54 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-25.mp3
summary: "JASRAC collects record high fees from online streaming, Canon announces release of EOS R100, the smallest and lightest in the series, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 25th, 2023."
duration: "98"
length: "01:38"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 25th, 2023.

The Japan Society for Rights of Authors, Composers, and Publishers (JASRAC) reported record high earnings for the fiscal year of 2022, with music usage fees totaling over 129 billion yen. This was largely due to the popularity of online streaming services.

In tech news, [Canon](/companies/canon) has announced the release of the EOS R100, the smallest and lightest camera in the EOS R series. The camera is set to be released in late June and will be priced at 82,500 yen on Canon's online shop.

Amazon Japan has announced the release of its first tablet with pen compatibility, the Fire Max 11, which features an 11-inch display and is priced at 34,980 yen.

Meanwhile, [CyberZ](/companies/cyberz), a subsidiary of CyberAgent, has established an AI business development department specializing in prompt engineering.

In other news, TBS Television's announcer Risa Uchi apologized for mistakenly submitting a copyright complaint on YouTube, raising questions about the use of content IDs on the platform.

Additionally, the Shobunsha publishing company has released electronic versions of their past urban map series, MAPPLE Archives, on Amazon's Kindle store.

Finally, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has issued a directive to NTT East and NTT West regarding the large-scale outage of their FLET'S Hikari and Hikari Denwa services in April, which prevented emergency calls from being made.

And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
