---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-08-05"
date: 2023-08-05 08:34:27 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-08-05.mp3
summary: "Adult-Targeted Flowing Somen Machine Sales Soar and Prime Minister Kishida Calls Japan a Digital Backward Country, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 5th, 2023."
duration: "125"
length: "02:05"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 5th, 2023. In today's news, the summer favorite household appliance, the flowing somen machine, has become a hit product, with over 100,000 units sold. While there are many flowing somen machines available for children and families, Doshisha has taken on the challenge of creating an adult-targeted series. We spoke to Mr. Hiroshi Kawade, who is in charge of the flowing somen machines, about the development process of the adult-oriented product.

Moving on to our next story, Prime Minister Fumio Kishida held a press conference on August 4th to address concerns about the 'My Number Health Insurance Card.' He emphasized the importance of understanding the card and the digitization of administrative processes. We have compiled the full transcript of Prime Minister Kishida's remarks on the 'My Number Health Insurance Card' and digitalization.

In other news, OpenAI experienced a four-day delay in the development of their 'general-purpose artificial intelligence' due to a particular game that captivated CEO Sam Altman. The allure of 'Teakin' seems to have distracted him.

Meanwhile, SoftBank has announced the launch of its fully-owned subsidiary, 'SB Intuitions,' dedicated to the development of generative AI. The new company, based in Tokyo's Minato Ward, will focus on research and development in the field of AI.

Shifting gears, let's talk about the increasing focus on customer success at the operational and business unit levels. While customer success initiatives are gaining traction in these areas, top-level executives still lack awareness. Mr. Isano, the Customer Success Officer at Beebit, suggests that customer success is at a crossroads. He believes that organizations need to transform into profitable entities and demonstrate their presence to the management.

Lastly, ChatGPT will soon introduce a prompt suggestion feature, and the default language model for the Plus version will be upgraded from GPT-3.5 to GPT-4 in the next update.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
