---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-04-29"
date: 2023-04-29 08:07:37 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-04-29.mp3
summary: "LINE and Yahoo set to merge into LINE Yahoo, Sony aims to ship 25 million PS5s, Z Holdings to cut exec compensation, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 29th, 2023."
duration: "124"
length: "02:04"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 29th. 

ZHD, the parent company of [LINE](/companies/line) and Yahoo, has announced that they will merge into a new company called LINE Yahoo on October 1st. The merger will lead to the integration and unification of their services and organizations. The new company will also introduce ID linkage and cross-member programs, including PayPay. 

[Sony Group](/companies/sony) has set a target to ship 25 million PS5 consoles in the current fiscal year, which would make it the highest number of game consoles shipped in a single year. The company aims to achieve this target by the end of the fiscal year. 

Z Holdings has announced that it will cut executive compensation to achieve its performance goals for the fiscal year 2023. The reduction will take effect from July 2023 to June 2024. The company will reduce stock compensation to zero, and the cash compensation for the GCPO will be reduced to one yen. 

Windows 10 will no longer receive feature updates, and the current version, 22H2, will be the final version. Microsoft will only provide security updates from now on, and the support will end on October 14, 2025. 

Evernote and Notion, two popular digital note-taking and team collaboration tools, are compared in a SaaS showdown. While Evernote has been around for a while, Notion is a new player that has gained popularity in the cloud age. 

NTT East and West have revealed that the cause of the recent large-scale failure of the "Flets Hikari" service was an unknown software bug in the subscriber accommodation equipment. The issue started with a regular multicast packet. 

The National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation is holding a special exhibition titled "NEO Living on the Moon" from April 28th. The exhibition explores the possibility of living on the moon and features a pseudo-experience of living on the moon. The exhibition is supervised by planet geologist Kazuhito Saeki. 

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening. And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
