---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-09"
date: 2023-05-09 08:43:49 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-09.mp3
summary: "AR watermarking technology, smart meters cyber attack, AI development, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 9th, 2023."
duration: "103"
length: "01:43"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 9th. 

First up, Adobe Research has developed a new electronic watermarking technology that can embed hidden AR data in paper using commonly used inkjet printers, making it possible for households to use. 

Next, researchers from Oregon State University have proposed a cyber attack that could hack into and control "smart meters" used to visualize electricity consumption, causing large-scale power outages. 

Moving on to AI development, PC and workstation choices for AI development are discussed, as they are not only used for inference but also for learning. Various products are introduced for different purposes. 

The IT industry is found to be one of the industries where people feel that overtime has increased in recent years, according to a survey conducted by En Japan, a job search website. 

Gatebox and ChatGPT have successfully developed a new AI character through crowdfunding, which has been supported by One Piece creator Eiichiro Oda and the anime Jashin-chan Dropkick. 

[MIXI](/companies/mixi) has released the materials used for their new employee technical training to the public for free. 

Taiwanese security companies' employees' desk environments are being checked through photos and personal comments to see how they work. TxOne NetWork, which handles security for factories and industrial control equipment, is featured. 

Finally, Workman has appointed YouTuber Risa Hamaya, also known as Sally-san, as an outside director to provide advice from a consumer perspective and share her knowledge of information dissemination. The appointment will be officially decided at the shareholders' meeting on June 29th. And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
