---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-08"
date: 2023-06-08 08:02:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-08.mp3
summary: "Loan scams using remote control apps targeting young people, Coca-Cola Japan vending machines now support over 15 types of QR code payments, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 8th, 2023."
duration: "83"
length: "01:23"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 8th, 2023. Beware of loan scams using remote control apps, targeting people in their 20s. Coca-Cola Japan has announced that their vending machines will now support over 15 types of QR code payments, in response to inbound demand. Apple has released the new Mac Pro with Apple Silicon, but it has received criticism for its inconsistent design. Oriental Land, the operator of Tokyo Disney Resort, has announced the end of their FastPass service, with a limited-time alternative. Cases of heatstroke in May have increased by 2.2 times compared to two years ago, with 30% of cases occurring in homes. AWS Japan has revealed the system configuration for Tamagotchi Uni, which heavily utilizes AWS cloud services for IoT. The Digital Agency has discovered 748 cases of registration errors for public money receiving accounts on My Number Portal, with around 130,000 cases of setting up 'family accounts' without the account holder's consent. The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers has stated their position on AI generation, stating that they will continue to contribute to the technology but will follow the conclusions of social and policy discussions.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
