---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-28"
date: 2023-10-28 07:55:59 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-28.mp3
summary: "Shaver with 5-Year Warranty and Web Design Efficiency Success, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 28th, 2023."
duration: "135"
length: "02:15"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 28th, 2023. In today's news, Maxell Izumi has released a new electric shaver called the 'everedge IZUMI PREMIUM' series. This shaver comes with a 5-year warranty, thanks to its high durability and other product features. We'll share our impressions after trying it out.

Next, Benesse Holdings has successfully reduced the cost and time required for web design by implementing AI and no-code tools. When creating the 'Shinken Zemi Junior High School Course' website, they were able to reduce costs by 40% and shorten the production period from 8 weeks to 3 weeks.

Moving on, Netgear Japan has introduced the 'M6 Pro MR6550,' a high-end mobile router that supports 5G SA, millimeter wave, and Sub6. With a maximum total connection speed of 8Gbps, it includes USB Type-C and wired LAN ports. It can even be used for outdoor broadcasting by connecting 4K/8K compatible PTZ cameras.

In other news, Oriental Land will be implementing 'Disney Mobile Order' at Tokyo Disney Resort starting from November 8th.

The National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) is revamping its financial accounting system by adopting Oracle's cloud ERP, 'Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP.'

Leica Camera has announced the release of the 'Leica M11-P,' a rangefinder camera with several modifications based on the M11. It also features the 'Content Credentials' function led by Adobe, which allows users to trace the photographer, the original state of the photo, and the editing process, even if the photo has been tampered with.

Lastly, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology has unveiled a draft plan to conduct the national academic and learning status survey, known as the 'National Learning Test,' for 9th-grade students in the 2025 academic year using PCs and enabling video-based questions in the science subject.

That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
