---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-12-13"
date: 2023-12-13 11:28:49 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-12-13.mp3
summary: "SBI Securities Denies IPO Market Manipulation, Yamato Suspends Parcel Acceptance, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for December 13th, 2023."
duration: "127"
length: "02:07"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on December 13th, 2023. In today's news, SBI Securities, one of the largest online brokerage firms, has denied allegations of manipulating stock prices related to initial public offerings. They stated that they are not aware of any such facts. Moving on, Yamato Transport, a major Japanese delivery company, has temporarily suspended the acceptance of parcels destined for Shibuya and Setagaya wards in Tokyo. This suspension is due to equipment malfunctions at their sorting facilities. Next, researchers from New York University and Meta, a tech company, have proposed a framework for teaching household robots using a 'magic hand' attached to an iPhone. This framework aims to make it easier for users to train robots for household chores. In another development, researchers from the University of Tokyo have announced the development of 'FurAir,' a device that can replicate the sensation of touching soft fur, even though it has no actual fur. This technology could have applications in virtual reality and other fields. Shifting gears, Level-5, the game company known for titles like 'Inazuma Eleven' and 'Yo-kai Watch,' has shared examples of using AI-generated images in their games. They have released a document showcasing how AI can be utilized in game development. In other news, Dwango, a Japanese entertainment company, has announced the introduction of a new 'commemorative holiday' policy starting from January 1st, 2024. This policy will grant employees an extra day of paid leave, allowing them to take time off on special occasions like game release dates or their favorite character's birthday. And finally, Tsukuba Industries has revealed that their piloted robot, 'Arccax,' will be exhibited at the 'Gundam Factory Yokohama' in Yamashita Pier, Yokohama. This exhibition will provide visitors with a chance to see a life-sized Gundam robot up close and learn about its basic structure and systems. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
