---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-02"
date: 2023-11-02 07:40:49 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-02.mp3
summary: "Rakuten Revamps Points Program, Hello Kitty's 50th Anniversary Sparks Fan Concerns, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 2nd, 2023."
duration: "148"
length: "02:28"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 2nd, 2023. In today's news, Rakuten Market's recent changes to its Super Point Up program have caused a stir among users. The point multiplier for Rakuten Card and Rakuten Mobile users has been modified, and the maximum limit for point rewards will be significantly reduced starting from December 1st. This has sparked discussions online, with the term 'Rakuten Revamps' trending on X (formerly Twitter).

Moving on to our next story, Sanrio's beloved character, Hello Kitty, celebrated its 50th anniversary on November 1st. However, some fans were left disheartened as certain past videos on the official YouTube channel became unavailable. This unexpected situation has left fans feeling uneasy.

Next, a hacker group claiming to be from Pakistan has announced that they have initiated cyber attacks targeting major Japanese companies and organizations, including Keidanren (Japan Business Federation). The group posted a message stating, 'We have started attacking Japan.' The situation is being closely monitored for further developments.

In another incident, the official website of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) temporarily experienced connection issues. An account claiming to be from a Pakistani hacker group released a statement claiming responsibility for the cyber attack. LDP officials have stated that they are currently investigating the cause of the disruption.

Shifting gears, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries issued a warning on their official X account regarding the handling of plant propagation materials. A woman was arrested for violating the Seed Law after selling strawberry seedlings without permission on a flea market website. The strawberry seedlings had been registered as a protected variety by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government.

Moving on to tech-related news, Third Wave, the company behind PC sales, has launched a GPU cloud service called 'raytrek cloud' under their corporate brand 'Dospara Plus.' This service is expected to be utilized for applications such as AI generation.

Lastly, NTT has announced the development of its own large-scale language model called 'tsuzumi.' They plan to launch the commercial service in March 2024, offering advanced language processing capabilities to various industries.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
