---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-08-30"
date: 2023-08-30 08:54:22 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-08-30.mp3
summary: "Sony Introduces New α7C II Mirrorless Camera and Tokyu Store Implements Biometric Payment System, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 30th, 2023."
duration: "136"
length: "02:16"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 30th, 2023. Sony has announced the launch of two new mirrorless cameras, the α7C II and α7CR, both equipped with full-frame sensors. The α7C II is the successor to the world's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless camera, the α7C, and it features in-body image stabilization. The α7CR, on the other hand, is a high-resolution model. This release expands Sony's lineup of compact full-frame mirrorless cameras.

Tokyu Corporation and Hitachi have announced plans to launch a common platform for digital identity utilizing biometric authentication. This platform aims to enable users to make payments, earn points, and verify their identity using biometric authentication in various scenarios such as shopping, accommodation, and entertainment. The companies also have plans to introduce this technology to their ticket gates.

In other news, Hololive, a virtual talent agency, has released an official community app called Holoplus. This app aims to provide fans with up-to-date information about their favorite talents. Additionally, ELYZA, an AI startup, has released a Japanese version of its large-scale language model, Llama 2, called ELYZA-japanese-Llama-2-7b. This model will contribute to the advancement of natural language processing in Japanese.

Moving on, a game called 'NEEDY GIRL OVERDOSE,' which simulates the experiences of a mentally unstable streamer, has sold over one million copies worldwide. Market insiders will candidly discuss the sales data and explain the game's marketing strategy. Furthermore, NTT East Japan has established a consultation center, the 'Nuisance Call Countermeasure Center,' in response to the increasing number of nuisance calls believed to originate from overseas, particularly China. The center aims to provide support and guidance on how to deal with these unwanted calls.

Lastly, Credicorp will be discontinuing its 'Eternal Wallet Service.' After the service is terminated, users will no longer be able to add funds or make payments. The reason for the discontinuation is the significant decrease in affiliated stores offering the service.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
