---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-11"
date: 2023-06-11 09:35:29 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-11.mp3
summary: "Japan announces new Intellectual Property Promotion Plan focusing on AI and copyright, NTT East, NTT AgriTechnologies, and National Agriculture and Food Industry Research Organization launch remote farming support project using AI and remote assistance to double crop yields, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 11th, 2023."
duration: "85"
length: "01:25"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 11th, 2023. The government of Japan has decided on a new "Intellectual Property Promotion Plan" which focuses on three key issues surrounding AI and copyright. Meanwhile, NTT East, NTT AgriTechnologies, and the National Agriculture and Food Industry Research Organization have announced the start of a remote farming support project using AI and remote assistance to double crop yields. In other news, Canon Marketing Japan has expanded its "Video DX" series of solutions, including an intrusion detection service and a dangerous behavior detection service for factories, as well as a facial recognition service for office buildings. Additionally, the city of Amagasaki has announced a claim for damages of approximately 29.5 million yen against BIPROGY (formerly Japan Unisys) in relation to the temporary loss of a USB memory stick containing the personal information of all residents. Lexus has unveiled its new LBX SUV, which is the first B-segment small SUV from the luxury car brand and is powered by a high-output bipolar nickel-hydrogen battery. Finally, Tokyo Midtown Yaesu, a building in Yaesu, Tokyo, has become a "robot-friendly" facility, with all office floor areas designed to be accessible to robots, enabling food delivery services to be implemented.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
