---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-25"
date: 2023-11-25 09:34:08 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-25.mp3
summary: "Motorola Introduces 'razr 40' - A Compact and Practical Foldable Smartphone, and Amazon's 'Black Friday' Sale in Progress, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 25th, 2023."
duration: "132"
length: "02:12"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 25th, 2023. In today's news, Motorola has unveiled a new smartphone called 'razr 40' that aims to make foldable phones more accessible. The 'razr 40' strikes a good balance between weight, features, and price, making it a practical choice for anyone. Moving on to our next story, Amazon has kicked off its annual 'Black Friday' sale. Starting from November 24th at midnight, the sale will run until December 1st. The sale began with pre-sale offers on November 22nd, and customers can find a wide range of products at special prices. Now, let's shift our focus to the banking sector. Mitsui Sumitomo Bank has announced an increase in ATM fees for customers using Yucho Bank ATMs. Starting from April 1st, the fee will be raised by 110 yen from the current rate. This decision has drawn attention and raised concerns among customers. Switching gears to another topic, railway companies are facing difficulties in dealing with a new type of YouTuber known as 'private arresters.' These individuals track and detain ordinary people suspected of crimes such as voyeurism and molestation, and share their activities on social media platforms. Railway companies are grappling with how to respond to this issue. Turning to the gaming industry, Bandai Namco Holdings has revealed yet another internal misconduct. A former temporary employee of one of its subsidiaries has been involved in unauthorized removal of products from the warehouse, resulting in a profit of 87 million yen over a period of eight years. This incident went unnoticed until recently. Finally, for all the anime and gaming enthusiasts out there, software company Rio is set to release a typing software called 'Jutsuda' based on the popular anime series 'Jujutsu Kaisen.' The software, which will be available in December, promises to provide users with the power to type faster and more accurately than even the highest-level curses. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
