---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-19"
date: 2023-05-19 08:32:54 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-19.mp3
summary: "Carnegie Mellon University proposes learning model to generate realistic videos from hand-drawn comics, Team from University of Guelph in Canada analyzes privacy risks of sending electronic devices for repair, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 19th, 2023."
duration: "80"
length: "01:20"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 19th, 2023. Firstly, researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have proposed a learning model that generates realistic videos from hand-drawn comics. Secondly, a team from the University of Guelph in Canada has analyzed the privacy risks of sending electronic devices for repair and found that customer data could be compromised. Thirdly, Prime Minister Kishida and Minister Nishimura met with representatives from seven semiconductor giants, including Intel, TSMC, and Samsung, to discuss the importance of investing in Japan. Fourthly, Sony Interactive Entertainment has announced that its circular controller for the PlayStation 5, designed for people with disabilities, will be called the Access Controller. Fifthly, the Nikkei newspaper has made available a free security training material for new graduate engineers. Sixthly, Tokyo Institute of Technology is building the TSUBAME4.0 supercomputer, which is expected to have the second-highest theoretical computing performance in Japan. Finally, Mitsui Sumitomo Card mistakenly printed credit card numbers on the front of over 297,000 postcards sent to customers due to a system check error.    And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
