---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-07-06"
date: 2023-07-06 09:05:36 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-07-06.mp3
summary: "Twitter Eases Non-Login Tweet Display Restrictions and Threads App Launches in Japan, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 6th, 2023."
duration: "107"
length: "01:47"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 6th, 2023. Twitter has announced a slight relaxation of its temporary emergency measure that restricted tweet display for non-logged-in users. Now, tweets can be viewed without logging in, but users are prompted to log in or create an account when clicking on links. In other Twitter news, the new app 'Threads' by Meta, based on Instagram, has started its download in Japan. Threads is gaining attention as a communication app competing with Twitter.

In semiconductor news, SBI Holdings has partnered with Taiwanese semiconductor manufacturer Powerchip Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (PSMC) to establish a preparation company for semiconductor factory construction in Japan. SBI sees this as an excellent opportunity.

Moving on to entertainment news, the design of 'Kana Arima,' a popular idol, has been realized with the release of 'Soda-chan.' This collaboration between Kana Arima and 'Soda-chan' was originally an April Fool's Day project.

Turning back to Twitter, X, a US company, has released a Japanese translation of an advertising blog post explaining the browsing restrictions on Twitter. Japanese users have criticized the measures, calling them a failure.

In other Twitter-related news, IT enthusiasts are expressing their frustration with the browsing restrictions, highlighting the impact of APIs. On a different note, the anime series 'Oishinbo' has made all 121 episodes available for free on its official YouTube channel. Additionally, ITmedia NEWS is introducing AI, such as ChatGPT, into its article writing workflow to enhance efficiency and strengthen their resources for original reporting.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
