---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-05-03"
date: 2023-05-03 08:23:06 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-05-03.mp3
summary: "Audio-Technica announces price revisions for 71 products, recruitment company Mynavi investigates a data leak, Dyson updates its cordless hair iron for airplane travel, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 3rd, 2023."
duration: "129"
length: "02:09"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Welcome to TotemoTech on May 3rd. Audio-Technica has announced price revisions for 71 of its products, including wireless headphones and microphones. The price increase ranges from 2% to 63% and will take effect on May 16th...

Recruitment company, MyNavi, has revealed that personal information of 1,210 participants from past seminars may have been leaked for about three years through search engines. The company has apologized and is investigating the cause of the leak...

Adachi Ward has reported two cases of erroneous issuance of resident certificates at convenience stores using the My Number card. The personal information of four people was leaked, but the cause was identified as a "different program"...

Dyson has announced that their cordless hair iron, the Dyson Corrale, can now be brought onto airplanes. The company has introduced a "flight mode" procedure for travelers. This will be convenient for those who want to touch up their hair while on the go...

Doshisha has renewed the blades of their Kamome fan in collaboration with Nakashima Propeller, a propeller manufacturer for ships. The new fan can also function as a circulator and can blow air up to 20 meters away...

To celebrate the 45th anniversary of the anime "Captain Harlock," [Toei Animation](/companies/toei-animation) has started free distribution of the series on their official YouTube channel. Five episodes will be released each week for two weeks...

[PayPay](/companies/paypay)'s decision to exclude other credit cards from their payment system has caused a trend on social media with the hashtag "PayPay deterioration." The company cites "comprehensive judgment" as the reason for their decision. However, bank transfers and convenience store ATMs can still be used for charging the account...

[TOHO Cinemas](/companies/toho-cinemas) has announced that they will increase their movie ticket prices by 100 yen for general admission and 100 yen for senior admission starting from June 1st. The new prices will be 2,000 yen for general admission and 1,300 yen for senior admission. And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
