---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-19"
date: 2023-06-19 08:02:51 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-19.mp3
summary: "Manga Depicting 'Calculators' in the 1940s Goes Viral on Twitter, and Final Fantasy XVI Demo Surprises Fans, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 19th, 2023."
duration: "153"
length: "02:33"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 19th, 2023. In today's news, a manga titled 'The Path Continues: Traces of Flowers' by Yu Nanase, which depicts the role of 'calculators' in the 1940s, has been making waves on Twitter and other social media platforms. The one-shot manga was published on June 16th in 'Shonen Jump+' magazine.

Moving on to gaming news, the demo version of 'Final Fantasy XVI' has exceeded expectations and surprised fans. The highly anticipated game, set to be released soon, has transformed from its previous installment and now offers a classic action RPG experience with immersive gameplay.

In related news, Square Enix has confirmed the unauthorized access to 'Final Fantasy XVI' and has announced a thorough investigation. The game is scheduled to be released on June 22nd, and the company is taking steps to remove leaked images and videos if found before the official release.

Shifting gears, we have an interesting conversation between professional shogi player Sota Fujii and the developer of the AI shogi software 'Ponanza,' Kazunari Yamamoto. Fujii, known for using AI in his strategy and move analysis, revealed that he occasionally discovers moves that surpass the AI's capabilities. Yamamoto expressed his surprise at this, stating that it's a rare occurrence.

In the world of cameras, Canon has developed its first VLOG camera called the 'Powershot V10.' This camera is perfect for those who want to film themselves while speaking, catering to the VLOGging community.

Moving on to television, the latest episode of 'Ametalk!' titled 'Comedians Who Edit Videos' was recently broadcasted on TV Asahi and is now available for streaming on the official television streaming service 'TVer.' The episode features comedians who edit their own videos, discussing their attention to detail in typography and production.

In entertainment news, the popular Vocaloid song 'Senbonzakura' will be accompanied by a special augmented reality (AR) fireworks display featuring Hatsune Miku at the Niigata Festival. Gugenka, the company behind the AR app, announced this unique collaboration.

And finally, Razer has unveiled a gaming keyboard inspired by Pikachu, priced at $299.9. This collaboration with Pokémon will be available for purchase in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, the Philippines, and Indonesia.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
