---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-24"
date: 2023-10-24 07:45:08 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-24.mp3
summary: "Saitama Debate and Rakuten Mobile's Platinum Band, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 24th, 2023."
duration: "146"
length: "02:26"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 24th, 2023. In today's news, the Saitama Prefecture is seeking opinions from its residents regarding the release of a sequel to the movie 'Flying Saitama.' The prefecture's Department of Citizen Life has started soliciting opinions for a paper discussion titled 'Is Saitama really 'uncool'?' The opinions can be submitted through the prefecture's electronic application system or by mail.

Moving on to the next story, Rakuten Mobile has been certified by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to establish base stations in the 700MHz band, also known as the Platinum Band. This is the first time Rakuten Mobile has acquired the Platinum Band. The frequency allocation is 3MHz width x 2, and Rakuten Mobile was the only applicant.

Next, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government is launching the 'Supporting Seafood Campaign' starting from October 27th. Under this campaign, customers who use QR code payments at selected sushi restaurants and fish markets will receive a 30% point rebate.

In gaming news, Nissan has announced that it will open an original world within the online game 'Fortnite' on October 25th. They will showcase their EV concept cars and other vehicles virtually as part of the 'JAPAN MOBILITY SHOW 2023.'

Moving on, the social media platform formerly known as Twitter, now called X, has started testing a paid subscription service in New Zealand and the Philippines. X claims that the paid service is aimed at combating bot-driven opinion manipulation, but there is confusion about the company's vision and the purpose of the service.

In Apple-related news, customers who make purchases from the Apple Store online can now return their items at convenience stores, including FamilyMart, and through the PUDO delivery lockers. Previously, returns were only accepted at Yamato Transport offices.

Lastly, there has been a data leak at NTT West. Despite being alerted about the possibility of customer information leakage by an outsourcing company in April 2022, NTT conducted an internal investigation and concluded that there was no leakage. The incident involved a former temporary employee who had illicitly leaked approximately 9 million pieces of customer information.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
