---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-06"
date: 2023-06-06 08:16:49 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-06.mp3
summary: "Apple announces first MR headset and new computer models, Hideo Kojima announces director's cut version of Death Stranding for Mac, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 6th, 2023."
duration: "97"
length: "01:37"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 6th, 2023. Apple announced its first MR headset, the Apple Vision Pro, which supports MR technology that blends real-world and computer-generated images. However, the company's stock prices fell after the announcement, possibly due to the high price of 3,499 dollars. Apple also unveiled a new model of its desktop computer, the Mac Studio, featuring updated M2 Max and M2 Ultra chips starting at 1,999 dollars. Additionally, the company announced a new model of its Mac Pro, starting at 6,999 dollars and featuring the M2 Ultra chip and PCI Express support. The company also released a 15-inch version of its MacBook Air, with prices starting at 1,299 dollars. Game developer Hideo Kojima gave a speech in Japanese at the WWDC and announced that a director's cut version of his game Death Stranding would be released for Mac in 2023. In entertainment news, Toei Video is commemorating the 50th anniversary of Mazinger Z by partially re-creating the Toei Manga Festival from 50 years ago in theaters with 4K remastered versions of the classic anime films Mazinger Z and Kamen Rider V3. Finally, in sports news, a malfunctioning attendance counter caused a J2 soccer match between Omiya Ardija and Vegalta Sendai to be recorded with around 2,000 extra attendees, resulting in an inaccurate count.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
