---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-07-13"
date: 2023-07-13 11:07:02 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-07-13.mp3
summary: "Microsoft Enables Immediate Reporting of Harassment in Game Voice Chat; Benesse Supports Elementary School Research with Chat AI, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 13th, 2023."
duration: "135"
length: "02:15"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 13th, 2023. Microsoft has introduced a new feature on Xbox Series that allows players to report harassment in voice chat during multiplayer games. By sending a 60-second recording clip to the safety team, they will review and take appropriate action.

In other news, Benesse Holdings has announced a web service that supports elementary school students' research projects using chat AI. This service, available for free from July 25th to September 11th, utilizes the company's 'ChatGPT' AI to assist students in their studies. It will be accessible not only to members of the 'Shinken Zemi' correspondence learning service but also to non-members.

Moving on to our next story, Adobe's image generation AI, 'Adobe Firefly,' now supports prompt input in over 100 languages, including Japanese. Additionally, the user interface of the beta version of 'Adobe Firefly' also supports five languages, including Japanese.

In Osaka, it has been revealed that an after-school children's club was reselling thermal cameras with children's photos on a flea market website. The cameras were used for temperature checks and did not record personal information such as names or addresses. The club has stated that the photos were not misused.

Togetter, the service that compiles tweets, has announced a haiku contest related to Twitter. They are accepting haikus about anything related to Twitter, including complaints about API restrictions and common experiences on the platform.

Weather news app 'Weather News' has made its heatstroke risk forecast available for free up to six hours in advance. Users can access the 'Heatstroke Radar' feature to stay informed about potential heatstroke risks.

In the world of video editing software, 'Atomos Edit,' a unique cloud-based editing software developed by Atomos, has caught attention. Unlike traditional editing software, which is primarily developed by companies like Aivd, Adobe, and GrassValley, Atomos, a peripheral equipment manufacturer, has entered the market. The article explores the innovative aspects and challenges of Atomos Edit.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
