---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-13"
date: 2023-10-13 08:30:42 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-13.mp3
summary: "Adobe Unveils Impressive New Technologies at Adobe MAX 2023 | Netflix to Release Live-Action Drama 'Yu Yu Hakusho', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 13th, 2023."
duration: "129"
length: "02:09"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 13th, 2023. In today's news, Adobe showcased some incredible new technologies at their annual conference, Adobe MAX 2023. One of the standout technologies was the ability to move subjects horizontally in photos and eliminate glass reflections. These advancements open up new possibilities for photographers and designers. Moving on to entertainment news, Netflix announced that they will be releasing a live-action drama series based on the popular manga and anime 'Yu Yu Hakusho' on December 14th. This marks the first live-action adaptation of the beloved series. Shifting gears to the world of photography, Nikon has released the highly anticipated 'Nikon Z f,' a mirrorless camera that combines a traditional and classical design with the latest technology. This camera is sure to delight photography enthusiasts. In gaming news, DeNA's mobile game 'Kaito Royale' celebrated its 14th anniversary this month. The game has stood the test of time and continues to captivate players with its unique concept and gameplay. Next up, Yamada Holdings unveiled a smart house that utilizes electric vehicles (EVs) as mobile batteries. This innovative concept allows EV owners to contribute to their home's energy needs. Switching to the world of gaming, Nintendo announced a special edition 'Nintendo Switch Lite' featuring designs inspired by the popular game 'Animal Crossing: New Horizons.' Fans of the game will be able to enjoy the unique design and pre-installed digital version of the game. Lastly, the nationwide banking network, Zengin Net, resolved a major system malfunction that had prevented interbank transfers for several days. This incident, the first of its kind in 50 years of operation, has now been resolved, allowing normal banking operations to resume. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
