---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-30"
date: 2023-06-30 08:57:05 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-30.mp3
summary: "AirPods Hijacked for Covert Voice Input and Smartphone Case with Biometric Authentication, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 30th, 2023."
duration: "129"
length: "02:09"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 30th, 2023. Researchers at Michigan State University have proposed an inaudible attack that allows for voice input to be silently transmitted from smart earphones like AirPods and Pixel Buds to smartphones, without the victims noticing. This attack has a success rate of over 80%. In another study, researchers from Rutgers University and Temple University have introduced a smartphone case called BioCase, which utilizes changes in sound when the back of the case is touched to authenticate the user.

In line with the revised Road Traffic Act, Luup, an electric kickboard sharing service, will be deploying new models of electric kickboards that can be used in 'slow mode' on sidewalks starting July 1st. These new kickboards also have illuminated handles.

Sony has announced the closure of its manufacturing facility in Kosei City, Shizuoka Prefecture, which produces professional video cameras. Production activities will cease by the end of June 2024, and the operations will be transferred to a facility in Koda Town, Aichi Prefecture.

A popular browser game revolving around the theme of password requirements has gained attention. The game is designed to frustrate players with common irritations experienced when creating passwords.

The Consumer Affairs Agency has ordered LIT, an online retailer, to suspend its operations. The agency found that important information was placed in a position that could only be seen by scrolling, but the webpage did not have a visible scroll bar.

Consumers are being cautioned about a high-priced 'slimming tea' sold on LINE. The Consumer Affairs Agency has issued a warning after receiving numerous complaints of additional charges being imposed despite claims of 'no additional fees'. The company in question was actually demanding additional fees ranging from 170,000 to 230,000 yen.

The Japan Fair Trade Commission has advised Nojima, an electronics retailer, for unfairly reducing payments to subcontractors by 73 million yen, in violation of the subcontracting law.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
