---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-09-30"
date: 2023-09-30 07:47:59 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-09-30.mp3
summary: "Sony Introduces α7C II and α7CR Cameras, FCNT Revives 'arrows' Brand, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 30th, 2023."
duration: "163"
length: "02:43"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 30th, 2023. In today's news, Sony has unveiled two new cameras, the α7C II and α7CR, offering significant improvements in image quality and user experience. The compact α7C, aimed at entry-level users, has been due for an upgrade, and the α7C II delivers just that. Alongside it, Sony has also introduced the high-resolution version, the α7CR. This announcement is great news for α7C users looking to upgrade.

Moving on to our next story, FCNT, which had filed for civil rehabilitation, has announced its revival as a limited liability company starting from October 1st. As part of the revival, FCNT will continue producing smartphones under the 'arrows' and 'らくらくスマートフォン' brands. The partnership with Lenovo has played a crucial role in FCNT's comeback, ensuring the preservation of these popular smartphone lines.

In other news, after 33 years of publication, the renowned DIY PC magazine 'DOS/V POWER REPORT' by Impress will cease publication with its winter issue in December 2023. The magazine, which has been a staple for PC enthusiasts, will come to an end, marking the end of an era.

Next up, Colopl has announced the discontinuation of its popular smartphone game 'Disney Tsum Tsum Land' on January 31st, 2024. Fans of the game will have until then to enjoy the immersive experience before the service comes to a close.

Shifting gears, renowned stationery brand Kokuyo has launched a high-end pen called the 'WP' series, priced at a whopping 4,400 yen. Despite the premium pricing, the pen has gained immense popularity through crowdfunding, thanks to its smooth writing experience. This success story brings joy to Kokuyo and pen enthusiasts alike.

In the world of broadcasting, the 'IBC2023' event held in Amsterdam, Netherlands, from September 15th to 17th, shed light on the latest trends in IP broadcasting. While the 'NAB' event in Las Vegas is well-known, IBC is a significant event in Europe. The event showcased the advancements in broadcast IP technology, with both Panasonic and Sony announcing their plans for new products to be launched next year.

Lastly, Figma Japan has introduced a program offering free business licenses of design tool 'Figma' and online whiteboard 'FigJam' to primary, middle, and high schools in Japan. This initiative aims to support educational institutions by providing access to professional design tools, benefiting students and teachers alike.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
