---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-06-22"
date: 2023-06-22 08:24:04 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-06-22.mp3
summary: "AI Rights Infringement Complaints on the Rise in Japan | Amazon Prime Day to Start on July 11th, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 22nd, 2023."
duration: "132"
length: "02:12"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 22nd, 2023. In today's news, the Japan Actors and Performers Association revealed that they received the highest number of complaints related to AI rights infringement. Actors and directors have been wondering where to voice their grievances when their rights are violated by AI systems.

Moving on to our next story, Amazon Prime Day is set to kick off on July 11th this year. As part of their promotional efforts, Amazon will be opening a temporary cafe to advertise their products. This is the first time such an initiative will be introduced in Japan.

Now, let's talk about the increasing coverage of 'ChatGPT.' PR TIMES announced that the number of press releases related to AI and ChatGPT has multiplied by 32 times in the past five months. This surge in announcements has propelled 'AI' from the 12th to the 3rd position in the monthly keyword rankings.

Shifting gears, the government has established the 'My Number Information Inspection Headquarters' to address the ongoing issues of mislinking personal data. The headquarters will conduct inspections and explore measures to prevent future incidents.

Next up, Tarin International will be re-releasing their miniature network equipment capsule toy, 'Palm Network Device,' in September. The previous release faced high demand and subsequent reselling.

In other news, Lawson convenience stores have joined the list of major retailers accepting J-Coin Pay, the QR payment service provided by Mizuho Bank. FamilyMart and Seven-Eleven have already implemented this payment option.

Panasonic has announced the launch of the 'HCC-R600A,' a 'Smart Closet' that offers functions such as disinfection, deodorization, wrinkle removal, and drying. This innovative closet allows users to hang their clothes and perform various maintenance tasks. The product will be available from August 1st.

Lastly, Insta360 has teased the release of a new product on June 27th at 10 PM. The anticipation is high, and many speculate that it could be the highly anticipated 'GO3.'   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
