---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-07-15"
date: 2023-07-15 08:32:25 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-07-15.mp3
summary: "Music Distribution Service by Dwango and Capsule Toy Replicas of Casio Watches Released, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 15th, 2023."
duration: "141"
length: "02:21"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 15th, 2023. In today's news, Dwango will launch a music distribution service called 'Music Monetization Service' on July 25th. This service will allow creators to distribute their original music to music subscription services and social media platforms, enabling music creators to monetize their work on various platforms.

Next, toy manufacturer Stand Stones will release a capsule toy called 'CASIO Watch Ring Collection' that faithfully reproduces Casio calculators as ring-sized toys. Priced at 400 yen per capsule, this collection will be available in mid-July.

Moving on, Casio Computer has registered the octagonal form of the first G-SHOCK model as a three-dimensional trademark. This move aims to visualize the intangible value of the iconic G-SHOCK design.

In other news, Shueisha announced that the release date of the 33rd issue of the manga magazine 'Weekly Shonen Jump' will differ between the print and digital versions. Starting from next week, the digital version will be available on Mondays, while the print version will be released on Tuesdays.

Furthermore, there was a temporary system failure in JR East's 'Mobile Suica' and Seven & i Holdings' 'nanaco' on July 14th, making it difficult to charge these electronic payment services. However, the issue has since been resolved.

On the topic of AI, an experiment was conducted with the AI chat service 'ChatGPT' to observe its response to difficult and ambiguous questions. Through this experiment, the potential of AI, the depth of technology, and the insights AI can provide to humans were explored.

Additionally, a security incident occurred on the iOS version of Shueisha's manga app 'Weekly Shonen Jump+'. Due to a work mistake, third parties were able to access user profile information and manga purchase history.

Lastly, Money Forward announced that they will revise the pricing plans for their cloud-based accounting service 'Money Forward Cloud' starting from December 1st. The pricing for the plan targeted at individual business owners will increase, and the storage service 'Cloud Box' will become a paid service from June 1st, 2024, in compliance with the Electronic Bookkeeping Law.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
