---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-09-06"
date: 2023-09-06 08:08:49 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-09-06.mp3
summary: "7-Eleven Introduces Real-Time Stock Reflection in Delivery App, and AI-Powered Smart Bath Mat Supports Weight Loss and Exercise, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 6th, 2023."
duration: "115"
length: "01:55"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 6th, 2023. In today's news, convenience store chain 7-Eleven has launched a smartphone app called 7NOW for its delivery service, allowing users to have a real-time reflection of store inventory and providing a user interface that simulates the experience of shopping in-store. Meanwhile, issin, the company behind the 'Smart Bath Mat,' has announced the introduction of the 'Style Up Program,' a service that promotes lifestyle improvement and exercise. The program, which utilizes AI and a team of experts, will initially be available for corporate customers and is expected to expand to individual users later this year.

Moving on, Anique has introduced a limited-time AI service called 'AI lain,' which is based on the popular science fiction anime 'serial experiments lain' from 1998. Users can engage in a chat with the character 'Lain' through text and voice responses. In other news, the National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation has announced the registration of the first-generation 'Aurora Vision' CRT light source tube (cathode-ray tube) developed by Mitsubishi Electric in the 1970s as an 'Important Scientific and Technological History Material.'

Additionally, User Local has released a free 'Document Chatbot' that can generate an AI chatbot trained on the content of uploaded PDF or Word files in just five seconds. This tool aims to simplify the process of creating chatbots for various purposes. Furthermore, Navitime Japan has independently developed and improved address data to enable more accurate location searches in services like 'NAVITIME' by addressing variations in address representation commonly used in Japan.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more tech updates.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
