---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-09-11"
date: 2023-09-11 09:39:21 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-09-11.mp3
summary: "Gamer's Soundproof Room and Thumb-sized Wearable Camera: Today's Headlines, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 11th, 2023."
duration: "112"
length: "01:52"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 11th, 2023. Coolish Music, a company specializing in assemble-it-yourself soundproof rooms, has released a new product called 'OTODASU II G' specifically designed for gamers. The new version features a sleek all-black design to enhance the lighting effects of gaming devices.

Insta360 has launched the third generation of its thumb-sized wearable camera, the 'Insta360 Go 3'. Despite its small size, the camera is capable of capturing circular videos. Let's explore the capabilities of this tiny camera.

The future of Japan's electric vehicle charging standard, 'CHAdeMO', is uncertain. With Tesla's recent software update for its CHAdeMO adapter, we examine the challenges surrounding CHAdeMO from the perspective of Tesla users.

The live-action adaptation of the popular manga 'One Piece' has garnered immense attention, with 18.5 million views in just four days and reaching the top 10 in 93 countries. Let's take a closer look at the aspects that surprised and impressed manga fans.

Panasonic has announced a rebranding of its power line communication technology from 'HD-PLC' to 'Nessum'. This change aims to enhance the brand's image and expand its market presence.

NTT Docomo has issued a warning about a scam impersonating the Docomo Information Center. Scammers make phone calls and use automated voice guidance to deceive victims into providing money.

The standardization of local government systems, known as 'municipal system standardization', is facing a slight adjustment in its completion deadline. While the original goal was to finish by the end of March 2026, the Digital Agency has decided to set individual deadlines for systems that present higher migration difficulties.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
