---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-05"
date: 2023-10-05 08:26:59 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-05.mp3
summary: "Google Unveils Pixel 8 Pro with Enhanced Camera and Night Mode, and Pixel 8 with Latest G3 Chip, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 5th, 2023."
duration: "142"
length: "02:22"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 5th, 2023. In today's news, Google has officially announced the launch of its new smartphones. The first one is the Pixel 8 Pro, which comes with a significant camera upgrade and introduces a new night mode for capturing videos. The screen of the Pixel 8 Pro has also been redesigned to be flat instead of having curved edges. Pre-orders for the Pixel 8 Pro have already started, and it will be available for purchase on October 12th. Alongside the Pixel 8 Pro, Google has also unveiled the Pixel 8, which features the latest G3 chip and comes with a seven-year operating system update guarantee. The Pixel 8 is priced 30,000 yen higher than its predecessor. Both the Pixel 8 Pro and Pixel 8 are available for pre-order starting today and will be released on October 12th. Moving on to other news, Softbank Group's CEO and President, Masayoshi Son, emphasized the importance of using ChatGPT, an AI language model, in daily life. Son compared not using ChatGPT to denying the benefits of electricity or automobiles. He expressed his belief in the power of AI and discussed the future with the emergence of AGI (Artificial General Intelligence) during his keynote speech at the Softbank World event held in Tokyo on October 4th. Shifting gears, have you ever heard of the 'Suika Game'? It turns out to be a popular game that has gained attention recently. We spoke with the developers to learn more about its unexpected origins and the possibility of it being ported to smartphones. Additionally, ANYCOLOR, the company behind the VTuber group 'Nijisanji,' has announced the resumption of activities for their VTuber training program, 'Virtual Talent Academy' (VTA). The program had temporarily halted activities in August due to confirmed violations by some participants. And finally, a mini version of the original 'Dance Dance Revolution' (DDR) arcade cabinet is set to be released through crowdfunding. This downsized version allows players to use their hands instead of their feet to play the game. Lastly, Amazon Web Services (AWS) has made its AI generation service, 'Amazon Bedrock,' available in the Tokyo region. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more tech updates!   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
