---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-14"
date: 2023-11-15 07:21:41 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-14.mp3
summary: "Anime 'SAND LAND' Gets Series Adaptation, Portable Fog Machine Released, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 15th, 2023."
duration: "109"
length: "01:49"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 14th, 2023. In today's news, the popular anime 'SAND LAND' by Akira Toriyama is getting a series adaptation. The movie, 'SAND LAND: THE SERIES', will be exclusively streamed on the video streaming service 'Disney Plus' starting from spring 2024.

Moving on to our next story, Ulanzi, a video accessory company, has announced the release of a portable fog machine called 'FM01 FILMOG Ace'. This fog machine is designed for photographers and videographers who want to enhance visual storytelling. It can generate fog and can be controlled remotely using a remote control.

Next up, researchers at Kumamoto University and a seafood company in Fukuoka have developed a technique to instantly kill Anisakis, a parasite that infects fish. This technology aims to eliminate Anisakis without the need for heating or freezing. The research team has started a crowdfunding campaign to achieve early implementation.

Moving on to the tech world, the open-source video streaming tool 'OBS Studio' has released a new version, 'OBS Studio 30.0'. This update brings several new features, including support for low-latency streaming with WHIP/WebRTC and a refreshed UI for the status bar.

In other news, Rakuten Group has announced a collaboration with OpenAI to provide a new AI platform called 'Rakuten AI for Business'. This platform will be available starting from 2024.

Lastly, a survey conducted by Chatwork reveals that approximately half of the small and medium-sized business owners and back-office staff are unfamiliar with the term 'DX' (Digital Transformation). This highlights the need for further awareness and education about digital transformation in the business sector.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
