---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-12-11"
date: 2023-12-11 08:45:33 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-12-11.mp3
summary: "Fingerprint Data Stolen from Smartphone Sensors and Tool to Protect Voice from AI Synthesis, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for December 11th, 2023."
duration: "116"
length: "01:56"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on December 11th, 2023. In today's news, researchers from Hong Kong City University and George Mason University have proposed a side-channel attack that can extract fingerprint data from smartphone display sensors. This attack allows attackers to create fake fingerprints and impersonate victims. In another study, researchers from Washington University in St. Louis have developed a defense tool to protect voices from being synthesized by AI. The tool ensures that voices sound normal to humans but distorted to AI systems. Moving on to other news, a manga artist has become obsessed with a Nintendo Switch game called 'Fashion Dreamer.' The artist discovered a newfound interest in fashion coordination after playing the game. In the world of home appliances, Sharp has seen a significant increase in sales after unveiling their 'hole-less tub' washing machine, which prevents mold from sticking to clothes. As part of the 30th-anniversary celebration of the hole-less tub, Sharp conducted a test on the cleanliness of the first-generation machine, and the results were impressive. Finally, the company behind the dating app 'Pairs' has welcomed the Tokyo government's matching service, stating that it is a positive development for the industry. And lastly, Sega has announced that they are developing new versions of popular titles such as 'Crazy Taxi,' 'Golden Axe,' 'Jet Set Radio,' 'Shinobi,' and 'Streets of Rage.' Now, let's discuss the latest update from Google. The new AI model named 'Gemini' was unveiled on December 7th. However, there seems to be a debate in Japan regarding the pronunciation. While it is commonly referred to as 'Gemini' in English, the official Japanese pronunciation is still uncertain. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
