---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-04"
date: 2023-11-04 07:49:32 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-04.mp3
summary: "Controversy Surrounds Resurrected 'Metal Gear' Game and Amazing 'Helicoid Mount Adapter', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 4th, 2023."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 4th, 2023. In today's news, video game enthusiasts are expressing their dissatisfaction with the recently released 'METAL GEAR SOLID MASTER COLLECTION vol.1.' It seems that the optimization for various gaming platforms has not been properly implemented.

Next, let's talk about a must-have tool for product photography. It's the 'Helicoid Mount Adapter' with a built-in helicoid mechanism. When taking close-up shots or capturing small items like earphones, macro photography becomes essential. In the past, photographers used 'extension tubes' to achieve this, but the 'Helicoid Mount Adapter' designed for vintage lenses has proven to be a convenient and versatile alternative.

Moving on, Olympus has finally unveiled the successor to its popular tough and waterproof camera series, the 'TG-7.' This rugged camera model, known for its durability, has been a staple in the photography industry.

Apple recently released a behind-the-scenes video titled 'Behind the scenes: An Apple Event shot on iPhone,' showcasing the filming process of their latest MacBook Pro and iMac launch event. The video highlights the use of iPhones in capturing the event.

In other news, Kintetsu Group's supermarket chain, 'Kintoshō Store,' announced a potential data breach affecting approximately 17,000 online grocery shoppers across five stores in Nara Prefecture. The breach resulted from unauthorized access to a portion of the server.

CyberAgent has once again made a significant contribution to the AI community by releasing a free, commercially available Japanese large-scale language model. This model can be utilized for various purposes, including generating text.

Lastly, KDDI, a major telecommunications company, plans to invest billions of yen in a startup to optimize large-scale language models for specific industries and companies. This partnership aims to fine-tune the language models, which serve as the foundation for AI-generated content creation.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more exciting updates in the world of technology.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
