---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-04-27"
date: 2023-04-27 07:58:21 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-04-27.mp3
summary: "Sony PlayStation's 'Golden Week Sale,' Honda developing its own vehicle OS, the launch of Japan's quantum computing portal site, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 27th, 2023."
duration: "128"
length: "02:08"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 27th. Let's start with some gaming news. Sony Interactive Entertainment has started a "Golden Week Sale" on the PlayStation Store, offering up to 90% off on selected titles for PlayStation 5 and 4. "Monster Hunter Rise" is available at a 50% discount. Gamers can take advantage of this sale until May 9th.

Moving on to automotive news, Honda has announced its plan to develop its own vehicle operating system, "Vehicle OS," and aims to launch it in North America in 2025 with its midsize electric vehicles. Honda plans to double its recruitment of engineers and software developers to achieve this goal.

In the field of quantum computing, the Japanese government and scientific institutions, including the Cabinet Office, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, and the RIKEN Institute, have launched a portal site called "Q-Portal" to provide information on quantum computing technology and related fields. The site also includes new information and learning content.

[NTT Docomo](/companies/ntt-docomo) has acknowledged the recent complaints of poor network quality on social media and announced that they will complete the area tuning to improve their mobile network by the summer of 2023. They have been addressing the issue of data not flowing and connection problems in their mobile network.

A survey conducted by Finde, a Japanese IT recruiting company, shows that more than 40% of IT engineers are considering changing jobs if their companies require them to return to the office. As companies shift back to office work, the number of IT engineers who are willing to change jobs is increasing.

Lastly, Hatenas's founder, Junya Kondo, has launched a new service called "LISTEN," which automatically transcribes podcast programs using AI technology. The beta version of the service is now available.

SoftBank and its subsidiary, Ymobile, will increase the administrative fees for new contracts and device changes at their stores from June 1st.

And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
