---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-07-10"
date: 2023-07-10 07:48:21 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-07-10.mp3
summary: "New Releases: 'Pikmin 4' Coming to Nintendo Switch and Exploring the Future of AI Personalities, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 10th, 2023."
duration: "145"
length: "02:25"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 10th, 2023. In the world of gaming, the rush of big releases continues. On July 21st, Nintendo will be releasing the highly anticipated 'Pikmin 4' for the Nintendo Switch. Fans of the popular series can look forward to new adventures with their favorite colorful creatures.

Artificial Intelligence is making significant progress, and the ability to replicate the characteristics and personalities of real people is becoming a possibility. The anime series 'AI no Idenshi' creator, Yamada Kyuri, and Matsuo Koya, who won the Best Award in the 1st AI Art Grand Prix for his project recreating his deceased wife using AI, discussed the future of digital personalities and the potential implications.

Pokemon GO introduces a new feature called 'Pokestop Ohirome.' Trainers can now showcase their Pokemon at designated Pokestops and receive rewards based on their rankings. It adds a new level of competition and interaction to the popular mobile game.

The world of AI-generated content is expanding, with AI-generated gravure models gaining attention. While Shueisha's AI gravure project was shelved after a week, numerous AI-generated gravure content has appeared on platforms like Amazon and YouTube. Yamada Kyuri and Matsuo Koya, who won the Best Award in the 1st AI Art Grand Prix for his project recreating his deceased wife using AI, discussed the potential impact of these non-existent digital personalities on business and society.

Meta's Adam Mosseri revealed the origin of the Threads logo, explaining the inspiration behind the round and curvy design.

Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that Threads has surpassed 70 million registered users. To commemorate this milestone, the Threads official account introduced a glossary of basic terms, such as 'post' for tweets and 'feed' for timelines.

In a first for Studio Ghibli films, the movie 'Kimi-tachi wa Dou Ikiru ka' will be released in IMAX format. Toho announced that the film will be screened in IMAX theaters starting on July 14th.

NEC has introduced AWS Outposts, allowing customers to utilize AWS capabilities in their on-premises environments. This move aims to support service development and digital transformation for both NEC and its clients and partners.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
