---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-09-05"
date: 2023-09-05 08:07:17 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-09-05.mp3
summary: "GoPro to Unveil New HERO12 Black, and Lawson Releases Electric Trash Can with Automatic Bag Sealing, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 5th, 2023."
duration: "138"
length: "02:18"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 5th, 2023. In today's news, GoPro is set to announce its latest product, the HERO12 Black, on September 6th. The teaser website for the new device was launched on September 3rd, stating that it will make its debut on the 6th.

Moving on to our next story, Lawson, a convenience store chain in Japan, has released a new electric trash can called 'Tojitaro' (KSDB-001W). This innovative trash can features a one-button automatic bag sealing system and can also automatically set a new garbage bag in place.

Next, we have an interesting development in the invoicing system in Japan. With the impending start of the invoice system on October 1st, there is growing opposition to it. Concerned individuals held a press conference in Tokyo's Kasumigaseki district, handing over signatures to officials from the Ministry of Finance, expressing their opposition to the invoicing system.

Moving on, Nuro Hikari, an internet service provider, is facing criticism for allegedly using illustrations without permission in their advertisements. The ads feature female character illustrations that are suspected to have been used without the consent of the original illustrators.

In other news, Semedain, a Japanese adhesive manufacturer, has launched a special website to commemorate its 100th anniversary. The site showcases products that were ahead of their time but failed to find success in the market due to being too innovative for their era.

AWS Japan has announced the companies selected to participate in their Large Language Model (LLM) development support program. Among the approximately 60 applicants, 17 companies including CyberAgent, Rinna, Preferred Networks, Ricoh, Money Forward, and Matsuo Laboratory were chosen for the program.

Lastly, there have been reports of official websites being tampered with, spreading false information about bankruptcy. Various organizations, including training facilities and consulting firms, have reported being victims of website tampering. However, it has been confirmed that these reports are false, and investigations are underway to determine the extent of the damage and the motives behind the tampering. The exact relationship between the incidents is currently unknown.   And that's all for today's news. Thanks for listening to TotemoTech.
