---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-10-20"
date: 2023-10-20 08:30:25 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-10-20.mp3
summary: "Coin Toss Probability and GPT-4's Ability to Review Papers, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 20th, 2023."
duration: "146"
length: "02:26"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 20th, 2023. In today's news, researchers from Amsterdam University and other institutions have published a study challenging the assumption that the probability of getting heads or tails in a coin toss is always 50%. They conducted 350,000 coin tosses to verify this hypothesis.

Moving on to our next story, researchers from Stanford University, Northwestern University, and Cornell University have investigated whether large language models, like GPT-4, can effectively review research papers. They found that over 80% of the participants found AI-based peer review to be beneficial.

Now, let's take a look at some other news. Beads Corporation has announced the launch of a gaming kotatsu futon that integrates with a kotatsu table, allowing users to enjoy cozy gaming sessions. The gaming kotatsu futon, known as BHK-2500KF, provides a warm and comfortable environment for gaming.

In cybersecurity news, Yamada Bee Farm has reported a potential data breach involving approximately 4 million personal records. The breach occurred due to unauthorized data exfiltration from NTT Marketing Act ProCX, a subsidiary of NTT West.

Shifting gears, Bandai has unveiled the CSM Faiz Driver NEXT, a toy inspired by the transformation belt featured in the upcoming V-Cinema movie, Kamen Rider 555 20th Paradise Regained. This marks the first time a Kamen Rider transformation belt incorporates a touchscreen LCD panel. The CSM Faiz Driver NEXT is priced at 49,500 yen (excluding shipping) and is available for pre-order starting tomorrow.

In tech collaboration news, IBM has announced an expanded partnership with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to enhance its AI service offerings. IBM will provide its AI platform, WatsonX, on the AWS platform, strengthening their joint efforts in the field of generative AI.

Lastly, Bandai Spirits is currently investigating a possible leak of Gundam plastic model CAD data in the Gundam Metaverse. As a precautionary measure, the download of client files required for accessing the Gundam Metaverse has been temporarily suspended.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
