---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-11-28"
date: 2023-11-28 13:38:58 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-11-28.mp3
summary: "Pokémon Tournament Cancelled Due to Game Bug, Casio Releases 'VIRTUAL G-SHOCK NFT', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for November 28th, 2023."
duration: "118"
length: "01:58"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on November 28th, 2023. In today's news, the Pokémon Company has announced the cancellation of the 'Pokémon Dragon King Tournament 2024 Challenger Selection' due to an unexpected game bug that has yet to be resolved. This decision was made to investigate the cause of the issue and implement necessary fixes.

Moving on, Casio Computer Co. has unveiled the release of two NFTs, called 'VIRTUAL G-SHOCK NFT', which showcase the future impact-resistant structure of their popular G-SHOCK watches. These limited edition NFTs will be available in a quantity of 2000.

Next up, Sakura Internet, a Japanese company, has become the first domestic enterprise to be certified for the government's common cloud infrastructure known as 'Government Cloud'. This achievement has garnered attention online, with the topic trending on social media platforms.

In other news, Tokyo University and IBM Japan have announced the activation of a quantum computer featuring a processor with 127 qubits, called the 'IBM Quantum System One with Eagle Processor'. This breakthrough allows for large-scale and complex calculations that were previously considered impossible with conventional supercomputers.

Shifting gears back to the government's common cloud infrastructure, Sakura Internet has joined the ranks as the first domestic service provider to be selected for the 'Government Cloud' by Japan's Digital Agency.

Lastly, Chidori, the operator of a specialized store for designed tombstones called 'Chidori Stone Shop', has introduced a unique offering. They have opened a 'VR Tombstone Exhibition' where visitors can use VR goggles to explore three-dimensional designs of tombstones in a virtual environment.

That concludes today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech happenings.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
