---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2023-12-29"
date: 2023-12-29 15:31:45 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2023-12-29.mp3
summary: "Mapion Provides 'Sunrise Time' Feature for New Year's Day and JAXA Animator Shares Insights on Career Transition, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for December 29th, 2023."
duration: "139"
length: "02:19"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on December 29th, 2023. In today's news, Mapion, a web map service provided by ONE COMPATH, is offering a feature on its PC version that displays the sunrise time for New Year's Day in 2024. This will be helpful for people planning to witness the first sunrise of the year. Moving on to our next story, there is an individual with an unusual career path who has transitioned from JAXA to anime production management. His name is Kazuyo Narita. We explore the reasons behind his career change and compare the differences and similarities between JAXA and anime production. We also hear from Narita himself, who shares his experiences in managing the production of 'Project Shinkalion.' Now let's shift our focus to Japan's electronic and IT industry, which is facing challenges in keeping up with global advancements. According to JEITA, the industry has been greatly affected by the pandemic, wars, global inflation, and the emergence of AI. We take a look at JEITA's data and predictions for the social changes that may occur in the coming years. Next, Doshisha University is embarking on a one-year pilot project to utilize generative AI in education. We speak to key individuals involved in the project to understand their goals and expectations. Moving on, KDDI and WOGO have announced the introduction of the 'Cosplay 3D Scan Studio' at Comic Market 103. Attendees will have the opportunity to have their entire body scanned and create a 3D model of their cosplay for free. And now, let's discuss one of the most impactful incidents of 2023, the nationwide 'Zengin System' failure. We delve into the reasons behind the incident, the current situation, and the challenges faced by the financial industry. Lastly, researchers from Hokkaido University's Human-Computer Interaction Laboratory have proposed a system where a VR headset placed on a stand transforms into a moving companion robot. This innovative technology has the potential to enhance the virtual reality experience. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest technology trends.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
