---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-20"
date: 2024-01-20 09:33:36 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-20.mp3
summary: "Apple Vision Pro Pre-orders Begin, SLIM Lunar Landing Successful, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 20th, 2024."
duration: "107"
length: "01:47"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 20th, 2024. In today's news, Japanese company Daikin's 'Pinpoint Heating' device, the 'Hybrid Serum Heat', is almost sold out due to its energy-saving features. Despite its price of over 60,000 yen, the product has gained attention for its efficiency in the face of rising utility costs. Moving on, Apple has started accepting pre-orders for their spatial computing headset, the 'Apple Vision Pro'. The headset weighs between 600g and 650g and comes with accessories such as a travel case. Meanwhile, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) announced the successful lunar landing of their small lunar lander 'SLIM'. Although it did not generate solar power as planned, the pinpoint landing was almost fully demonstrated. Shifting back to Apple, the pre-orders for the 'Apple Vision Pro' have begun, but initially, it is only available in the United States. However, there are already users in Japan attempting to purchase the device. In other space-related news, JAXA's unmanned spacecraft 'SLIM' is about to attempt a landing on the moon. Many people are eagerly waiting for the landing, with some even tuning in to the YouTube livestream. Moving on, the Akutagawa Prize-winning novel, 'Tokyo Dojyomu-to', has caused a stir as it is rumored to have been partially written by AI, such as ChatGPT. Readers have expressed shock and intrigue upon reading the book. Lastly, there was a problem with the internet application system for public high school admissions in Kanagawa Prefecture. Emails from the system were not reaching Gmail addresses due to the carrier's spam filter, causing inconvenience for applicants.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
