---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-03"
date: 2024-04-03 09:43:58 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-03.mp3
summary: "Apple's M-Series Chip Vulnerability and Bright Projection Mapping, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 3rd, 2024."
duration: "152"
length: "02:32"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 3rd, 2024. In today's news, a team of researchers from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign and the University of Texas at Austin have proposed a side-channel attack called 'GoFetch' that can steal secret keys from Apple's M-Series chips. They have identified vulnerabilities in the chips and demonstrated the ability to retrieve secret keys through a side-channel attack.

Moving on to our next story, researchers from the Watanabe Laboratory at the Tokyo Institute of Technology have developed a projection mapping technique that can achieve bright and vivid projections even in well-lit environments. This new technique allows for the projection of full-color images on objects in bright environments, overcoming the limitations of traditional projection mapping.

In other news, NTT Docomo, one of Japan's largest mobile network operators, experienced a nationwide network outage. Users have been facing difficulties in making voice calls and accessing data services. The outage has also affected MVNOs that rely on Docomo's network infrastructure.

In preparation for the upcoming National Traffic Safety Campaign, LUUP, an organization dedicated to promoting traffic safety, has announced an awareness campaign urging people to follow traffic rules. LUUP aims to raise awareness about traffic rules and manners to ensure a safer environment for all road users.

Next, a new learning manga service called 'LearningToon' has been launched by SUPERNOVA, a spin-off from NTT Docomo. This service offers educational manga content that can be read vertically. It supports employee training and skill development through manga illustrations created using AI-generated artwork.

In a survey conducted by the job search platform Findy, it was found that a majority of IT engineers prefer 'take-no-ko' (bamboo shoots) over 'kinoko' (mushrooms). The survey also collected preferences on other topics, such as dogs versus cats, providing insights into the preferences of engineers.

Lastly, the Japanese National Police Agency has established a Cyber Special Investigation Department to strengthen its capabilities in combating cybercrime. The department will focus on international investigations and take a leading role in addressing cybercrimes.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest technology news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
