---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-17"
date: 2024-01-17 09:56:34 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-17.mp3
summary: "Yamaha Releases All-in-One Music Production Device 'SEQTRAK' and Tokyo-based AI Dream Team 'Sakana.ai' Raises 4.5 Billion Yen, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 17th, 2024."
duration: "152"
length: "02:32"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 17th, 2024. In today's news, Yamaha has unveiled a new all-in-one music production device called 'SEQTRAK'. Priced at 55,000 yen, this device combines the key functions of a drum machine, synthesizer & sampler, and sound design & effects into a single device, allowing musicians to create and perform music anywhere.

In other news, Tokyo-based AI startup 'Sakana.ai' has successfully raised 4.5 billion yen in funding. Founded by former Google top researchers, Leon Jones and David Herr, Sakana.ai attracted investments from Silicon Valley venture capital firms, as well as major Japanese IT companies such as NTT Group, KDDI, and Sony Group. This funding will enable Sakana.ai to further develop their AI technologies and expand their presence in the industry.

Moving on, South Korean game developer HUP Games, known for the legendary controversial game 'Final Sword', has released a new mobile game called 'Casual Fight'. The game's mysterious and unconventional features have sparked discussions among gamers.

In consumer news, MUJI, the popular Japanese lifestyle brand, has announced a voluntary recall of their electric kettle model 'MJ-EK5A'. The company cited concerns over potential spills from the kettle as the reason for the recall.

In legal news, Japanese clothing brand UNIQLO has filed a lawsuit against Chinese fashion brand 'SHEIN' for allegedly selling imitation products. UNIQLO claims that SHEIN's sale of counterfeit versions of their 'Round Mini Shoulder Bag' violates the Anti-Unfair Competition Law and damages the trust of their customers.

Shifting gears, telecom giant KDDI has announced a change in their shareholder benefits program. Starting from the fiscal year 2025, KDDI will replace their catalog gift rewards with Ponta points. The company aims to deepen customers' understanding of their business through the use of their related services.

Finally, accounting software company Freee has introduced a new feature called 'LINE de freee Kaikei'. This feature allows users to register receipts and track income and expenses directly within LINE chat rooms, providing a convenient way for individuals and small businesses to manage their finances.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
