---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-15"
date: 2024-04-15 08:38:21 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-15.mp3
summary: "Amazon's Unmanned Checkout System Shrinks and Drones Mistake Projected Humans, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 15th, 2024."
duration: "135"
length: "02:15"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 15th, 2024. In today's news, Amazon is facing a significant downsizing of its cashierless checkout system, 'Just Walk Out.' Despite being touted as an AI-driven unmanned technology, it has been revealed that the system was actually supported by 1,000 human workers from India. This revelation has brought to light various challenges surrounding cashierless stores.

Moving on to our next story, researchers from Waseda University and the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology have conducted a study on object recognition systems and their vulnerability to being deceived by projectors. They have proposed countermeasures to address this issue.

Next up, we have an exciting development in the gaming world. A manga artist who played the authentic and immersive historical RPG 'Rise of the Ronin' fell in love with its free-spirited romance. This open-world action game set in the Bakumatsu period is a must-play for history and romance game enthusiasts.

In other news, the recent web commercial for the mouthwash 'Mondamin' titled '#モ番出口' was not a collaboration as initially believed but a parody. The developer behind the web commercial clarified this misunderstanding.

Shifting gears, the iconic 'Polaroid' brand has made a comeback in Japan with the announcement of the release of their flagship model, the 'I-2.' This analog camera, equipped with a dedicated app, allows users to share their nostalgic photos in a modern way.

In tech industry updates, HOYA has partially resumed the shipment of their eyeglass lenses after experiencing system disruptions caused by a cyberattack. They have announced the reopening of order placements for certain products.

And finally, at the NAB Show 2024, Western Digital will be showcasing their new storage solutions under the 'SanDisk' brand. Among their impressive lineup is the industry's first 4TB SD card and PCIe-based SD Express cards.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more exciting updates in the world of technology.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
