---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-09"
date: 2024-03-09 08:19:56 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-09.mp3
summary: "Leica Introduces New Mirrorless Camera 'SL3' and LINE Yahoo Donates for Disaster Relief, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 9th, 2024."
duration: "146"
length: "02:26"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 9th, 2024. In today's news, Leica has announced the release of their new full-frame mirrorless camera, the 'Leica SL3'. The camera is compact and lightweight, and features a 60-megapixel sensor capable of shooting 8K videos. The 'Leica SL3' will be available for purchase on March 16th with a price tag of 1.1 million yen.

In other news, LINE Yahoo has announced a donation campaign for disaster relief. Starting on March 11th, for every user who searches for '3.11' on platforms like 'Yahoo! Search', LINE Yahoo will donate 10 yen. This campaign aims to support the recovery efforts for the Noto Peninsula earthquake and the Great East Japan earthquake.

Moving on, game development company CyberConnect2 has temporarily closed its doors in response to the passing of renowned manga artist Akira Toriyama. The president of CyberConnect2, Yoichi Matsuyama, expressed his condolences on social media, stating, 'Sad things are indeed sad.' The temporary closure is in honor of Toriyama's legacy and contributions to the industry.

In medical news, a groundbreaking clinical trial conducted by Keio University's medical venture, HeartSeed, has shown significant improvement in patients with severe heart failure. The trial involved transplanting 'heart muscle balls,' which are cells derived from induced pluripotent stem cells (iPS cells), into the hearts of patients. The observation period of one year revealed long-term and remarkable symptom improvement. HeartSeed aims to make this treatment available for practical use as early as next year.

On a somber note, the Chinese media has reported the sudden passing of manga artist Akira Toriyama due to acute subdural hematoma. The New Beijing News described Toriyama as a central figure in Japan's golden age of manga and a milestone in the global manga industry.

The news of Toriyama's passing has also brought sadness not only in Japan but from around the world. Fans and media outlets have expressed their grief for the loss of a legendary creator who brought iconic works such as 'Dr. Slump,' 'Dragon Ball,' and the 'Dragon Quest' series. Even the official Dragon Ball account and trending topics on social media have been filled with tributes and messages of sorrow.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
