---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-10"
date: 2024-04-10 09:13:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-10.mp3
summary: "Music's Impact on the Body and Bladder Monitoring Device, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 10th, 2024."
duration: "117"
length: "01:57"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 10th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from the University of Tokyo and Hiroshima University have published a study exploring how musical chords affect human bodily sensations and emotions. They examined the influence of musical harmony on over 500 individuals. In another study, researchers from Northwestern University have developed an embedded device that can monitor bladder fullness and send real-time notifications to smartphones. This wireless device could help manage urinary incontinence. Moving on, the Japanese Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications is considering measures to combat fake advertisements featuring celebrities on social media platforms. Minister Tsuyoshi Matsumoto revealed that they are seeking appropriate responses from platform operators. In the world of collectibles, Ken Elephant has announced the release of the 'SOUND BURGER miniature collection' in capsule toy form. These mini sound systems will be available nationwide starting in late April. In technology news, it has been discovered that 59 models of NEC's 'Aterm' series Wi-Fi routers have multiple vulnerabilities. Users of these products are advised to change their administrator passwords, encryption keys, and adjust settings as necessary. Moving on to home cleaning, Dyson has unveiled 'Dyson CleanTrace,' an augmented reality (AR) technology that visualizes cleaned areas using an iPhone. This innovative feature allows users to see which areas have been effectively cleaned. Lastly, the calendar sharing app 'Time Tree' has introduced a new feature that integrates corporate event information. Users can now access schedules for events, sales, and sports team fixtures, such as Abema Soccer and Geijutsu Shincho. That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
