---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-23"
date: 2024-02-23 09:27:06 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-23.mp3
summary: "Oisix Chairman Resigns Over Inappropriate Remarks, Local Supermarket Hit by Ransomware Attack, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 23rd, 2024."
duration: "126"
length: "02:06"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 23rd, 2024. In today's news, Oisix La Grande Holdings announced the resignation of Chairman Kazuyoshi Fujita due to inappropriate remarks made on the X platform. The company's President, Takeshi Takashima, has voluntarily returned a portion of his compensation. Moving on to our next story, Izumi, a comprehensive supermarket chain, revealed that their internal systems were targeted in a ransomware attack. As a result, they have suspended certain services, such as delivery and flyer distribution, with recovery expected in May. Now, let's turn our attention to Kanagawa Prefecture, which has launched a recruitment campaign for companies interested in collaborating with venture businesses to foster innovation. The initiative, known as 'Open Innovation,' aims to support the creation of new businesses by leveraging external expertise. The prefecture is also considering financial assistance for projects related to digital transformation and decarbonization. Shifting gears, let's talk about the latest from the CP+2024 event in Yokohama. Fujifilm unveiled the 'X100VI 90th Anniversary Limited Edition' to commemorate their 90th anniversary. This special edition camera is being showcased at the event. And in a lighter news story, Google has added a fun Easter egg for cat lovers. When searching for 'cat' or 'Cat Day' on Google, users can click a button that triggers a cute animation of a cat paw pressing a paw print stamp. Lastly, let's explore the intersection of AI and creativity. As AI technology advances, there is a concern about the potential displacement of human creativity. However, experts like Takayuki Fukatsu emphasize the importance of finding a harmonious balance between AI and human involvement to avoid a dystopian future where AI takes over all creative tasks while humans are left with mundane responsibilities like tax filing.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
