---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-31"
date: 2024-05-31 08:08:30 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-31.mp3
summary: "Apple Store's LEGO Idea Project and KDDI's 5G Communication on the Moon, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 31st, 2024."
duration: "145"
length: "02:25"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 31st, 2024. In today's news, LEGO enthusiasts have a chance to see their ideas come to life as the 'Apple Store' concept gains over 10,000 votes on the LEGO Ideas platform. This unique design not only captures the essence of an Apple Store but also includes hidden features inspired by iconic Apple products like the iMac G3. Moving on to our next story, KDDI, a telecommunications company in Japan, has announced the launch of the 'MUGENLABO UNIVERSE' program. This collaborative initiative aims to connect space startups and large corporations to explore the possibilities of 5G communication on the moon. KDDI will provide a simulated space environment and opportunities for startups to collaborate with established companies. In other news, Yahoo! Chiebukuro, a popular Q&A platform in Japan, has enhanced its 'AI Answering' feature by adding the powerful language model 'Claude 3' developed by Anthropic. Users can now receive answers generated by two different AI models. On the technology security front, there has been an increase in 'SIM swapping' incidents, where individuals' phone numbers are hijacked. This issue gained attention after two Japanese politicians fell victim to SIM swapping attacks. As a result, there is a growing need for measures to protect against such attacks. In a separate incident, an employee of Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun, a Japanese daily newspaper, had their personal PC and smartphone stolen while commuting on a train. Both devices contained sensitive personal information. Another cybersecurity incident involves Tully's Coffee Japan, where unauthorized access was detected on their online store. The company is currently investigating the extent of the data breach and the potential leak of customer information. Finally, SMILE-UP (formerly Johnny & Associates) has issued a warning against cyberbullying. They have called for an end to the online harassment targeting victims and their families who have suffered from sexual abuse by the late Johnny Kitagawa, the founder of the agency. It is important to remember that such actions can be considered criminal offenses. That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
