---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-14"
date: 2024-01-14 08:35:26 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-14.mp3
summary: "Captain Tsubasa Manga Ends, SBI Securities Fined for IPO Manipulation, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 14th, 2024."
duration: "140"
length: "02:20"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 14th, 2024. In our first news story, the manga series 'Captain Tsubasa' has come to an end after the announcement from the author, Yoichi Takahashi, in the 'Captain Tsubasa Magazine Vol. 19' published by Shueisha on January 5th. This marks the end of Takahashi's career as a manga writer. Moving on to our next story, the Financial Services Agency has imposed administrative sanctions on SBI Securities. They have issued a partial business suspension order and a business improvement order. SBI Securities is accused of manipulating stock prices, particularly during the initial public offerings (IPOs) of three companies where they served as the lead underwriter, artificially inflating the opening prices. Now, let's turn our attention to the tech industry. AWS certification exams will see a price increase starting from April 1st. This change is due to fluctuations in the exchange rate, resulting in an increase of 4,000 to 10,000 yen in the exam fees. Shifting gears to space news, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries has successfully launched the 'H-IIA Rocket' carrying the government's optical intelligence-gathering satellite, 'Optical 8.' The rocket, designated as H-IIA No. 48, lifted off from the Tanegashima Space Center at 1:44:26 PM on January 12th. In other news, NTT President Akira Shimada has stated that the restoration of communication infrastructure in the disaster-stricken areas is uncertain following the Noto Peninsula Earthquake. NTT plans to prioritize the recovery of conventional facilities while providing communication services through mobile base stations installed on ships. Moving on to entertainment, Hulu, operated by HJ Holdings, announced that their streaming service will be available on BMW's in-car monitors. This partnership allows passengers to enjoy Hulu's content during their car journeys. Lastly, the mobile game based on the popular anime 'Yuru Camp△' will undergo a long-term maintenance period of approximately two months. The game's developer, enish, stated that this extended maintenance is necessary for thorough improvement work. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech's podcast.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
