---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-06"
date: 2024-06-06 10:57:54 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-06.mp3
summary: "Ransom Attack on Kyuden Group's Water Heater Sales Company, and Palm-sized Network Equipment Release, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 6th, 2024."
duration: "101"
length: "01:41"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 6th, 2024. In today's news, Kyuden Group's subsidiary, Kyuhen, has announced that they were hit by a ransomware attack. As a result, there is a possibility that approximately 104,000 personal information records have been leaked. Moving on to our next story, Talin International, known for their capsule toy business, has announced the release of the second edition of their 'Palm-sized Network Equipment' on June 13th. This miniature IT infrastructure equipment has been supervised by various companies, including Dell. Additionally, they will also re-release the first edition with a change in the LAN cable color from blue to yellow. Next up, Panasonic has released the results of a survey regarding the unpleasant odor that is emitted when air conditioners are turned on after a long period of inactivity. They have found that this odor, known as the 'woody smell,' may be caused by leaving the air conditioner running continuously. Moving on, Ricoh and RIKEN have announced the development of an algorithm that can determine the practicality of a technology. This algorithm is able to assess the potential for practical use based on numerical indicators. Finally, NASA has reported that the Hubble Space Telescope is undergoing a transition to operate with only one of its six gyroscopes. This is due to some malfunctions that have occurred, and while observations are expected to resume in mid-June, there are certain limitations. And that's it for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
