---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-18"
date: 2024-01-18 07:55:45 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-18.mp3
summary: "NEC Develops AI-Powered Steamed Buns and Outdoor Pool Disappears Due to Earthquake Uplift, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 18th, 2024."
duration: "142"
length: "02:22"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 18th, 2024. In today's news, NEC has partnered with the traditional bakery Kimuraya Sohonten to develop AI-powered steamed buns called 'Koi AI Pan.' Using AI analysis of conversations from dating shows and lyrics from songs featuring fruits and sweets, the AI created five flavors of buns, including 'Fateful Encounter' and 'Jealousy.' 

In other news, the University of Tokyo's Earthquake Research Institute has released photos showing the complete disappearance of the 'Kamogaura Saltwater Pool' due to the coastal uplift caused by the Noto Peninsula Earthquake in Reiwa 6. The pool, which was constructed by cutting through the rocky reef, is now completely dry.

Moving on, SnackTime has officially announced the launch of 'emamori,' a service that prevents AI learning from uploaded illustrations on the internet. The service offers both a free plan and three paid plans.

In the world of gaming, NTT Docomo has developed an AI technology that automatically generates non-player characters (NPCs) in metaverse spaces using only text input. This innovation aims to bring more liveliness to the metaverse.

In the business sector, Fujitsu's stock experienced a sharp drop of 4% on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on January 17th. This decline is believed to be a result of the fallout from the false accusation incident involving a British postal service provider, which was caused by a defect in Fujitsu's accounting system. A Fujitsu executive testified and apologized before the UK House of Commons committee on the 16th.

Shifting gears, the popular streaming platform 'TVer' reached a monthly unique browser count of 31.29 million in December 2023, with 30% of viewers watching content on their televisions. This marks the first time the platform has surpassed 31 million monthly users.

Lastly, in the education sector, there have been issues with the internet application system for public high school admissions in Kanagawa Prefecture. Some students with Gmail addresses were not receiving emails from the system. While the problem has been partially resolved for certain students, the overall issue has not been completely resolved yet.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
