---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-23"
date: 2024-04-23 08:08:25 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-23.mp3
summary: "New Releases for '情シスすごろく2' and 'Vポイント' Integration Issues, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 23rd, 2024."
duration: "153"
length: "02:33"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 23rd, 2024. In today's news, we have some exciting updates from the world of technology in Japan.

First up, a new release has taken the gaming world by storm. The highly anticipated sequel to '情シスすごろく', titled '情シスすごろく2', has made its debut. Gamers wasted no time in getting their hands on the game and trying it out for themselves.

Next, we have some unfortunate news regarding the integration of 'Vポイント'. CCCMK Holdings and Mitsui Sumitomo Card launched the new 'Vポイント' service on April 22nd. However, the first day was marred by several system troubles. Users encountered difficulties in linking their 'Vポイント' with their Tポイント accounts and checking their remaining balance. As a result, certain functionalities had to be temporarily suspended.

Moving on, a popular online shop called '味市春香なごみ' has fallen victim to a cyber attack. The shop, owned by a restaurant in Fukuoka, announced on the 22nd that they had experienced unauthorized access from a third party. It is possible that personal information, including credit card details, may have been compromised.

In other news, an IT scam has caught the attention of many, with reports of people falling victim to a support scam. It seems that some individuals have received alarming messages claiming that their PCs have been infected with viruses. However, these messages are believed to be part of a scam.

Shifting gears, we have an acquisition announcement from Japanet Broadcasting. The company revealed that they have acquired the entire stock of the movie-focused channel, 'スター・チャンネル'. This move is expected to expand Japanet's presence in the entertainment industry.

Taking a closer look at the working environments in the healthcare IT sector, we bring you an inside glimpse of the desks belonging to employees at Medpia, a company that develops medical community sites. Through photos and personal comments, we explore the workspaces of everyone from top management to engineers.

Lastly, we have news of a data breach at Otsuka Shokai. The company disclosed that personal information belonging to 2,687 customers was leaked due to an email misdelivery. The file containing customer names was mistakenly sent to an incorrect email address.

That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments in Japan.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
