---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-04"
date: 2024-06-04 08:27:09 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-04.mp3
summary: "PS VR2 Supports PC Games with Dedicated Adapter; Shogakukan Publishes Guidelines for Visual Adaptations, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 4th, 2024."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 4th, 2024. In today's news, Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) has announced that their VR headset, the PlayStation VR2, will now be compatible with PC games through a dedicated adapter. This adapter, set to be released on August 7th, will allow users to play VR games from Steam on the PS VR2.

Moving on to our next story, Shogakukan, a publishing company, has released guidelines for the visual adaptations of their publications. This comes in response to the 'Sexy Tanaka-san' controversy, and aims to document the requests and consent conditions of authors when it comes to visual adaptations of their works.

In other news, a statement has been issued by MyNavi, denying the allegations made in a weekly magazine report regarding sharing job change information of employees with Inaba Foods. MyNavi states that they have not disclosed any registration status of their employees to job change websites.

Next up, Tsukuba University has announced that an academic staff member mistakenly forwarded over 10,000 emails to a third party. The staff member accidentally entered the wrong email address when inputting the forwarding destination in Gmail, resulting in the continuous forwarding of emails to the unintended recipient for over a year.

In partnership news, Sumitomo Corporation and Japan Airlines (JAL) have established a new joint venture company called 'Soracle' to operate flying cars in Japan. With a capital of 200 million yen, Soracle aims to bring the concept of flying cars to reality.

Shifting gears to the world of space, NTT has unveiled their new brand 'NTT C89' for their space business expansion. The company aims to further develop their presence in the space industry.

Lastly, the sequel to the popular indie game '8th Exit' called 'Platform 8' has been released on Steam. The developers have also announced that this will be the final installment in the 8th series of games.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
