---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-19"
date: 2024-04-19 08:51:26 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-19.mp3
summary: "Bangladesh National Anthem Tempo Study and Toyota Prius Recall, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 19th, 2024."
duration: "107"
length: "01:47"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 19th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at BRAC University in Bangladesh have conducted a study on the impact of the national anthem's musical characteristics on the psychological and behavioral patterns of the citizens. The study suggests that a slower tempo of the national anthem is associated with higher suicide rates and lower happiness levels. Moving on to our next story, Taro Kono, the Digital Minister of Japan, has published a Q&A article on his official blog addressing various topics, including allegations of being pro-China or pro-Beijing. The purpose of this article seems to be to counter the spread of fake news. Now, let's turn our attention to the automotive industry. Toyota Motor Corporation has announced a recall of over 130,000 units of the 'Prius' model. The recall is due to insufficient waterproofing of the rear seat door switch, which could potentially cause the door to open while driving. Toyota will notify affected users through direct mail and other channels. Shifting gears to the world of cinema, Studio Ghibli, the renowned Japanese animation studio, will be honored with the 'Palme d'Or of Honor' at the upcoming Cannes International Film Festival in France. This prestigious award recognizes Studio Ghibli's outstanding contributions to the world of film. Lastly, the Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA) in Japan has issued a warning regarding vulnerabilities found in Buffalo Wi-Fi routers. Users of the affected products are advised to update their firmware to the latest version to mitigate the risks. That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates on TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
