---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-24"
date: 2024-05-24 08:26:07 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-24.mp3
summary: "Buffalo Issues Warning on Wi-Fi Router Bot Infections, Sony Focuses on Anime in Long-Term Vision, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 24th, 2024."
duration: "131"
length: "02:11"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 24th, 2024. In today's news, Buffalo has issued a warning regarding bot infections on certain Wi-Fi routers. The company, known for its WSR-1166DHP series, has advised users to change their passwords and update their firmware to mitigate the risk. Moving on, Sony's anime strategy has garnered attention at the company's management policy briefing. They have announced their commitment to focus on creating intellectual properties (IP) in the anime industry and even introduced their upcoming anime production software called 'AnimeCanvas.'

Shifting gears, Adobe has announced a new feature for its photo editing tool, Adobe Lightroom. The new 'Generated AI Removal' feature, powered by Adobe Firefly, allows users to easily remove unwanted objects from their photos. This functionality will be available not only on the desktop app but also on the smartphone app and web browser version.

In gaming news, Square Enix has decided to end the services of two of its smartphone apps. First, the popular app 'Dragon Quest Keshi!' will cease operations on July 31st after being available for two and a half years. Additionally, the mobile game 'Dragon Quest Champions' for iOS and Android will also be discontinued on July 30th, less than a year after its launch.

Moving on to transportation, the Yurikamome, a new transportation system in Japan, has announced plans to introduce touch payments with credit cards and QR code authentication for their services. These new features will be implemented by the end of the fiscal year 2024.

Lastly, Hoshino Gen's management agency, Amuse, has released a statement denying the rumors and speculations surrounding the artist. This comes after influencer Takizawa Gareso's controversial post sparked unfounded speculation about Hoshino Gen. Amuse firmly denies these claims and warns of legal action against spreading false information.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
