---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-10-04"
date: 2024-10-04 08:30:13 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-10-04.mp3
summary: "Anker Launches New Mobile Battery and Tully's Online Store Suffers Data Breach, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 4th, 2024."
duration: "93"
length: "01:33"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 4th, 2024. Anker Japan has announced a new mobile battery developed in collaboration with Snow Peak. When paired with Snow Peak's LED lantern, the battery gives off the appearance of a gas lantern, making it a unique addition to outdoor gear. In other news, Tully's Online Store has been the victim of a data breach, resulting in the unauthorized access of customer information. This breach compromised credit card details for over 50,000 accounts, alongside 90,000 user IDs and passwords due to a tampering of the payment application. Meanwhile, a recent survey by Mynavi has shed light on the reasons behind the increasing use of resignation services. The top reason cited by users was the desire to avoid direct confrontation with employers. In gaming news, the upcoming remake of Dragon Quest III has stirred controversy as it eliminates the option to choose gender for characters, prompting criticism from entrepreneur Elon Musk, who labeled the change as 'absurd.' Additionally, the Nintendo Museum has announced a limit on the number of merchandise items one can purchase, which has led to frustration among users who found many items listed on resale sites like Mercari. Lastly, Ajinomoto Frozen Foods has embraced generative AI technology across its operations, utilizing a corporate version of ChatGPT for recipe development and VBA program modifications.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
