---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-06"
date: 2024-07-06 09:46:11 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-06.mp3
summary: "Cyber Attack Scam Targets Data Breach Victims, Free 3D Models Released for New Game, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 6th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 6th, 2024. In a recent scam, individuals who have had their personal information leaked due to cyber attacks are being targeted with fraudulent emails. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Cybercrime Division has issued a warning about these emails, which impersonate lawyers and request money to delete the leaked information.

Chinese game developer miHoYo, known for games like 'Genshin Impact,' has released a new game called 'Zenless Zone Zero.' As part of the game's promotion, miHoYo is offering 18 free 3D models of the game's characters for download on the popular Chinese video sharing site 'bilibili.'

Kyoto Animation has announced that they will be unveiling a monument called 'The Monument of Connection' in a park in Uji City, Kyoto. The monument is dedicated to the victims of the arson attack on Kyoto Animation's Studio 1 in 2019. The public is requested to refrain from visiting the site until the official unveiling on July 14th.

A new AI search service called 'Perplexity' is gaining attention for its accuracy and convenience. Developed by an independent team, Perplexity aims to provide search results that surpass those of popular search engines like Google. With its advanced AI algorithms, Perplexity is expected to offer users a more efficient and personalized search experience.

Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG) has announced a collaboration with the popular game series 'The Idolmaster' (Idolm@ster) to release a new banking app. The app will combine financial services with entertainment elements, allowing users to enjoy a unique banking experience.

Navigation service provider Navitime Japan has introduced a new feature in its car navigation app called 'Shaded Parking Lot Map.' This feature helps users find parking lots with shaded areas, providing relief from the scorching summer heat.

The personal information leak incident involving LINE Yahoo has received positive feedback for its efforts in preventing future occurrences. The Japanese Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications, Tsuyoshi Matsumoto, stated that the measures outlined in LINE Yahoo's report, submitted to the ministry on July 1st, are commendable and demonstrate their commitment to protecting user data.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
