---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-10"
date: 2024-01-10 10:42:43 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-10.mp3
summary: "Robotic Clothing and Perfect Puzzle Tables: Today's Top Tech Stories, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 10th, 2024."
duration: "130"
length: "02:10"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 10th, 2024. In today's news, researchers at Keio University have developed a wearable robot that can interact with clothing, providing visual and tactile feedback. They propose using this technology to enhance the way we experience clothing. In other news, a team of researchers from the University of Toronto and the National Research Council Canada have determined the mathematically perfect size for a table to solve jigsaw puzzles efficiently. They have published their findings on the optimal table size for puzzle enthusiasts. Moving on, Shiftall has announced the release of their new wireless soundproof microphone, called 'mutalk 2.' This portable soundproof booth allows for clear conversations without any sound leakage. It is now available for pre-order and will be released in May. Shifting gears, the production committee of the movie 'THE FIRST SLAM DUNK' has announced a one-day revival screening on January 23rd in 107 theaters nationwide. Fans of the iconic basketball anime can relive the excitement on the big screen. In the world of computers, Lenovo has unveiled the 'ThinkBook Plus Gen 5 Hybrid' and other new PCs. This unique 2-in-1 device allows users to separate the display and the main body, transforming the display into an Android tablet and the main body into a Windows PC. Next up, Aomine Next has developed a system for a virtual high school that can be attended through avatars. The system is being implemented at the Yuushi International High School, offering students the opportunity to participate in virtual cultural festivals and sports events. And finally, Sony has introduced a new system for creating immersive content called the 'Immersive Space Content Production System.' It includes an 8K HMD (head-mounted display) and a dedicated controller for precise 3D work. This system allows creators to seamlessly navigate between the real and virtual worlds, enabling the production of immersive spatial content. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more exciting tech updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
