---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-07"
date: 2024-01-07 08:43:04 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-07.mp3
summary: "Mobile Base Stations Deployed for Noto Peninsula Earthquake and PayPay App Offers NISA Account, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 7th, 2024."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 7th, 2024. In the wake of the Noto Peninsula earthquake in Ishikawa Prefecture, NTT Docomo and KDDI have jointly deployed 'mobile base stations' to ensure communication services. The mobile base stations, which utilize the networks of both companies, are also available for use by MVNOs such as au, UQ mobile, and povo.

PayPay Securities has announced that it has started NISA account trading through its PayPay app. Users can now open NISA accounts and complete stock and investment transactions within the app. Additionally, users can earn points through these transactions.

The Tokyo Institute of Technology and other organizations have conducted a survey revealing that the coastline in the northern part of the Noto Peninsula has moved approximately 250 meters due to the earthquake. The survey estimates that there was a significant uplift of more than 3 meters in the vicinity of a fishing port in Wajima City.

The Japan Meteorological Agency has announced that the tsunami observation point in Suzu City, which has not been receiving data since the Noto Peninsula earthquake on January 1st, is currently unable to measure data due to the exposure of the seafloor caused by the earthquake.

The Japanese Red Cross Society has started accepting donations for the victims of the Noto Peninsula earthquake. However, they have also issued a warning about fake websites and emails impersonating the organization, urging caution.

Phishing messages circulating on platforms such as LINE are falsely claiming to offer New Year's gifts from well-known companies like AEON and Seven-Eleven. The messages deceive recipients by stating that they can win a New Year's gift by forwarding the message to 20 people and clicking on a URL.

The Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA) has announced relief measures for IT Passport and other information processing certification exams for the victims of the Noto Peninsula earthquake. Test takers residing in Niigata, Toyama, Ishikawa, and Fukui prefectures can request to reschedule their exams and take them at a different location.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
