---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-19"
date: 2024-06-19 10:02:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-19.mp3
summary: "Dragon Quest III Remake to be Released on November 14th / Duelist Fan Shaped Like Millennium Puzzle for Battling the Heat, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 19th, 2024."
duration: "156"
length: "02:36"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 19th, 2024. In today's news, Square Enix has announced that the remake of 'Dragon Quest III' will be released on November 14th. This highly anticipated remake comes 25 years after the release of 'Dragon Quest I' and 'Dragon Quest II' remakes. Fans of the classic RPG series can look forward to experiencing the beloved story and characters in a whole new way.

In other news, Esuukei Japan, a company specializing in the production and sale of prize goods, has unveiled a unique item for fans of the manga series 'Yu-Gi-Oh!'. They have created a small fan shaped like the Millennium Puzzle, a key item in the series. The fan, called 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Millennium Puzzle Wearable Fan', is a portable and stylish way to battle the summer heat.

Moving on, LINE Yahoo, the joint venture between LINE and Yahoo, has conducted a survey on My Number Cards, a personal identification system used in Japan. The survey found that 64.5% of 'Yahoo News' users do not possess a My Number Card. This survey aims to understand the usage and awareness of the card among the general population.

In related news, LINE Yahoo held its annual shareholders meeting on June 18th. The company faced tough questions regarding the handling of the recent data leak issue. Shareholders expressed their concerns and demanded accountability from the management team, including President Takeshi Izusawa.

Shifting gears, Nidec, formerly known as Nippon Densan, is focusing its business on AI data centers. Nidec's Global Group CEO, Shigenobu Nagamori, stated in a press conference after the shareholders meeting that he expects the AI data center business, centered around cooling systems, to reach a scale of one trillion yen. This move reflects Nidec's commitment to the growing field of AI and data center technology.

Lastly, GMO Internet Group has entered the AI and robotics business by establishing a new company called 'GMO AI & Robotics Shoji' (GMO AIR). The company aims to support the adoption and utilization of AI, robots, and drones. GMO AIR will combine its trading capabilities with GMO's internet infrastructure services and AI expertise developed since 2013. By integrating these resources, GMO seeks to address the future shortage of workers, which is expected to reach 11 million by 2040.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
