---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-12"
date: 2024-06-12 08:07:38 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-12.mp3
summary: "iOS 18 Announced with Face ID App Lock and Customizable Home Screen; Nico Nico Live Streams on YouTube, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 12th, 2024."
duration: "123"
length: "02:03"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 12th, 2024. In today's news, Apple has announced the latest version of iOS, iOS 18. The free software update will be available in the fall of 2024 for iPhone Xs and newer models. iOS 18 introduces a new AI feature called Apple Intelligence and allows users to lock apps using Face ID. Additionally, the home screen can now be customized to suit individual preferences.

Moving on, Nico Nico, a popular online platform, has started live streaming its monthly information program, 'Monthly Nico Nico Info,' on YouTube. This decision comes after the service was temporarily halted due to a cyber attack. The live stream on YouTube attracted over 11,000 viewers, and viewers expressed their support through super chats.

In other news, Glico, a well-known food company, has announced that it will partially resume the shipment of its chilled products. Following a system failure, the shipment of products such as 'Almond Effect,' 'Tropicana,' and others had been suspended. However, Glico plans to gradually resume shipments starting from the 25th of this month.

Moving on, Tokyo Metropolitan Television has announced that it will be discontinuing its program distribution service, 'M-Cast,' at the end of June. The company plans to utilize other platforms like TVer and YouTube in the future.

Next, even though the video streaming service 'Nico Nico' is still unavailable due to a cyber attack, the phrase 'Nico Nico Revival' trended on social media. Users expressed their desire for the service to be restored.

Lastly, a study conducted by the Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science reveals that inappropriate internet use during adolescence increases the risk of depression. The study emphasizes the importance of responsible internet usage during the teenage years.

That concludes today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
