---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-07"
date: 2024-05-07 13:54:01 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-07.mp3
summary: "US Charges Russian Hacker Leader and Apple Faces Criticism for New iPad Pro, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 7th, 2024."
duration: "149"
length: "02:29"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 7th, 2024. In today's news, the US has charged the leader of the Russian hacker group LockBit, Dmitry Khoroshev, for repeated cyberattacks using ransomware. The attacks targeted companies and resulted in damages in nearly 120 countries, including Japan. Moving on to our next story, Apple is facing criticism for its new iPad Pro. The promotional video released by Apple shows instruments and cameras being crushed by a press machine, leaving only the iPad Pro intact. Japanese users have expressed disappointment and frustration with the video, leading to widespread criticism of Apple. In other news, a marketing support company called Forit has conducted a survey on the use of periods at the end of sentences. The survey aimed to investigate if using a period creates a sense of intimidation. The results of the survey were released, highlighting the phenomenon known as 'Maruhara.' Next, OpenAI has begun testing its deepfake detection tool called DALL·E Detection Classifier. The tool aims to identify whether an image was generated by the DALL·E 3 AI model. In internal testing, the tool successfully identified approximately 98% of generated images. OpenAI is also testing the integration of audio watermarking into its Voice Engine. Shifting gears, the CEO of Finatext Holdings, Ryohta Hayashi, shares his experience of balancing startup management and family life. He discusses the challenges and failures he faced as an entrepreneur. Moving on, Google has officially announced the release of the Google Pixel 8a smartphone. The affordable model in the A series comes with many features found in the higher-end Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro models. The Pixel 8a will be available for purchase on May 14th for a price of 72,600 yen, which is a 9,900 yen increase compared to its predecessor, the 7a. Lastly, Apple has unveiled the Apple Pencil Pro, a new model of its stylus pen. The Apple Pencil Pro is compatible with the new iPad Pro and iPad Air models and offers enhanced features such as a 'find' function to help locate a lost pencil. It will be available for purchase on May 15th with a price tag of 21,800 yen. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
