---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-05"
date: 2024-04-05 18:45:21 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-05.mp3
summary: "AI-Generated 'Genji Monogatari' Chatbot and Apple Watch Case Resembling 'INFOBAR' Released, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 5th, 2024."
duration: "125"
length: "02:05"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 5th, 2024. In today's news, Osaka Institute of Technology has developed an AI chatbot called 'Oshaberi Genji Monogatari' that can answer questions and even recite poetry from the classic Japanese novel 'The Tale of Genji'. The chatbot utilizes six different AI technologies and a specially built database to provide accurate responses. Moving on, TV Asahi has announced that it has acquired additional shares of the hobby manufacturer KOTOBUKIYA, making it a subsidiary of the company. In other tech news, KDDI has started accepting pre-orders for an Apple Watch case that resembles the design of the original 'INFOBAR' released 21 years ago. The case allows users to make phone calls using the Apple Watch's functions. Shifting gears, Kobayashi Pharmaceutical has announced the start of online returns for its red yeast rice products, which have been subject to voluntary recalls. Customers will be able to initiate returns through an online platform starting tomorrow. Additionally, LayerX has conducted a survey on the impact of invoice introduction on corporate accounting departments. The survey revealed that nearly 80% of respondents feel that the introduction of invoices has increased their workload, with approximately one in four receipts having errors. Next, let's take a look at a gaming-focused apartment complex called the 'Gaming Mansion' designed specifically for game streamers. The apartments feature soundproofing and high-speed internet connections tailored to the needs of content creators. And finally, Amazon Web Services (AWS) has announced 'AWS Deadline Cloud', a managed service that provides fast rendering farms for VFX and 2D/3D graphics in the cloud. This service allows users to quickly set up rendering processes and is aimed at professionals in the visual effects and computer graphics industry. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
