---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-27"
date: 2024-08-27 09:25:46 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-27.mp3
summary: "New VR Gundam Movie Launch and Closure of Pirate Anime Sites in Brazil, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 27th, 2024."
duration: "137"
length: "02:17"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 27th, 2024. In today's news, Bandai Namco Filmworks has announced the release of the VR movie 'Mobile Suit Gundam: Silver Shadow' set to debut on October 4th at 2 AM. This exciting addition to the Gundam franchise will be available for the Meta Quest platform, promising an immersive experience for fans of the series.

Switching gears, the Brazilian government has made significant strides in combating piracy. The Content Overseas Distribution Association, or CODA, reported that 16 websites distributing pirated Japanese anime have been shut down as part of the government's 'Anime Operation.' This effort highlights the ongoing battle against copyright infringement and aims to protect the integrity of the anime industry.

In other news, Japan's JAXA has officially ended operations for its small lunar lander, 'SLIM.' The decision came after commands were sent on August 23rd to halt its activities, with no prospects for communication recovery. This marks the conclusion of a significant mission aimed at advancing lunar exploration technology.

On the domestic front, the private Kaisei High School is set to implement a mobile ordering web app called 'School Lunch Net' starting in September. Developed by two students at the school, this app aims to streamline the lunch ordering process by introducing PayPay as a payment method, eliminating the need for long lines at the ticket vending machines.

Meanwhile, a concerning trend has emerged regarding rice shortages in Japan. Reports suggest that social media and media coverage may be exacerbating the perception of scarcity. The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries has indicated that while the supply was affected by last summer’s heat, they expect the situation to improve with the arrival of new rice shipments in September.

Lastly, an alarming discovery has surfaced about fraudulent websites claiming to host fictional film festivals. Among them, one site impersonating the Hiroshima Short Film Festival has issued a statement, raising suspicions of fraudulent intent. Authorities are investigating these sites to protect potential victims from scams.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
