---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-11"
date: 2024-07-11 09:57:40 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-11.mp3
summary: "Amazon Prime Day Pre-Sale Starts / 'Osaifu-Keitai' Celebrates 20th Anniversary, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 11th, 2024."
duration: "123"
length: "02:03"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 11th, 2024. In today's news, Amazon is kicking off its 'Prime Day Pre-Sale' at midnight on July 11th, ahead of the main Prime Day event starting on July 17th. During both sale periods, all Prime members will be able to purchase items at the same discounted prices.

In other news, NTT Docomo announced the 20th anniversary of its contactless electronic payment service, 'Osaifu-Keitai', which uses the FeliCa chip. The service was launched on July 10th, 2004, and played a pioneering role in mobile payment services in Japan.

Moving on to partnerships, Docomo Bike Share and 'HELLO CYCLING', provided by SoftBank subsidiary OpenStreet, have announced a collaboration to allow users to park their bikes at each other's ports. By the end of 2025, users will be able to use and return electric-assist bicycles from both services at their respective ports.

Next, let's talk about the Tokyo gubernatorial election. Shinnji Ishimaru, the former mayor of Akitakata City in Hiroshima Prefecture, who came in second place, has gained attention on social media for his distinctive way of speaking, known as the 'Ishimaru syntax'.

In the world of business, Cybozu, a software company, has achieved a dramatic turnaround from a 28% turnover rate and transformed into a 'work-friendly company'. We sat down with Keiku Aono, the president of Cybozu, to learn about the company's journey to becoming a more employee-friendly workplace.

And finally, Sagawa Express will officially introduce the 'Okizuke' (leaving packages) service starting on September 2nd. Customers can choose this option from the 'Delivery Schedule Notification' received via LINE. The service will be available for 'Hikyaku Takkyubin', 'Hikyaku Large Size Takkyubin', and 'Hikyaku Air Delivery'.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
