---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-01"
date: 2024-07-01 11:17:01 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-01.mp3
summary: "Anime Films 'Look Back' and 'Shikanokonokonokoshitantan' Gain Popularity; Steam Summer Sale Begins, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 1st, 2024."
duration: "134"
length: "02:14"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 1st, 2024. In today's news, two anime films are making waves in Japan. The first film, titled 'Look Back,' was originally a short manga published on 'Jump+' in 2021. It gained a lot of attention and has now been adapted into an animated movie. Even manga artists who have never drawn this kind of story before are praising it. The second film, 'Shikanokonokonokoshitantan,' is set to be broadcasted in July. Before its release, the official opening video of the anime has already surpassed 5.4 million views in just one month. People are talking about how addictive and catchy the opening intro is.

Moving on to gaming news, the highly anticipated Steam Summer Sale has started. PC gamers can enjoy discounted prices on various games, including 'Elden Ring' and 'Palworld,' until 2 am on July 12th.

In tech news, SoftBank, WaiMobile, and LINEMO users now have access to a free version of an AI search engine called 'Perplexity' for one year. This AI-powered search engine offers unique features and can be utilized in various ways.

Luma Labs, an AI startup, has introduced a new feature to their video generation AI called 'Luma Dream Machine.' Users can now specify the ending frame of a video, allowing them to generate 'in-between' videos from a starting image to the specified ending frame.

Figma, a design tool company, has announced the launch of 'Figma Slides,' a presentation slide creation tool. This tool focuses on interactive presentations and leverages Figma's design capabilities. The beta version is currently available for free, with plans to introduce paid plans in early 2025.

Lastly, Elecom has released a series of 'solo appliances.' These cooking appliances aim to make cooking easier, faster, and more delicious. The idea behind their development came from a strong desire to enjoy tasty food, such as the popular '551 Horai' pork buns, without compromising on quality even when using a microwave.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
