---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-17"
date: 2024-03-17 10:49:02 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-17.mp3
summary: "Colorful 3D Printing and Controversial Game Strategies, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 17th, 2024."
duration: "121"
length: "02:01"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 17th, 2024. In today's news, we have two interesting stories to discuss. First up, the '成金おじさん' figure, which has been gaining popularity due to its unique manufacturing process. Created using a full-color 3D printer, this figure features a character holding burned banknotes and emitting light in dark places. We interviewed the creator to learn more about the benefits of using 3D printers for manufacturing.

Moving on to our second story, we delve into the topic of '完全版商法' or 'Complete Edition Marketing Strategy,' which has been causing some controversy in the gaming community. It all started with the DLC for 'Persona 3 Reloaded,' and our resident manga artist and gaming enthusiast will explain the reasons behind the heated discussions surrounding this marketing approach.

Now, let's shift our focus to another tech-related news item. McDonald's recently experienced a global system failure, and it turns out the cause was a mistake made by a third-party vendor while making system configuration changes. We'll explore the details behind this incident.

Next, we take a nostalgic trip back to the world of calculators. Canon, a company known for its calculator manufacturing, celebrated the 60th anniversary of its first calculator release. During a media event, they showcased their calculators from the very first model to the latest 'hybrid' model that combines a mouse with a calculator. Join us as we take a closer look at Canon's calculator journey.

Lastly, we bring you news of a strategic partnership announcement between Nissan and Honda. These automotive giants have decided to collaborate on electric and intelligent vehicle technologies to compete effectively in the market. We'll discuss the reasons behind this partnership and the potential benefits it may bring.

And that wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more exciting tech updates in the future!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
