---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-28"
date: 2024-01-28 08:31:36 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-28.mp3
summary: "Golden Kamuy Movie Adaptation Released, Suica Cards Distributed in Evacuation Centers, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 28th, 2024."
duration: "115"
length: "01:55"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 28th, 2024. In today's news, the highly anticipated movie adaptation of the manga 'Golden Kamuy' was released on the 19th. The film brings to life the thrilling story of a survival battle over hidden Ainu treasure, originally created by Satoru Noda. Moving on to our next story, the original manga artist of 'Sexy Tanaka-san' drama series, Hinako Ashihara, expressed her dissatisfaction with the drama's script. She revealed that she had personally written the script, leading to a controversy with the excluded scriptwriter. Shifting gears, let's talk about the hit game 'Suika Game.' Developed by a team who initially created it for projectors, the game gained immense popularity after its release on Nintendo Switch. With over 6.82 million downloads since its iOS release on January 1st, the developers shared insights into the game's success and their plans for an Android version. In other news, Space One, a company aiming to commercialize space transportation services, announced that they will launch the first rocket of their small-sized 'Kairos Rocket' on March 9th. Additionally, in response to the Noto Peninsula earthquake, the Digital Agency announced the distribution of Suica cards to evacuation centers to gather information about the evacuees and their whereabouts. Lastly, Google Cloud and Hugging Face, an open-source AI development platform, have formed a strategic partnership. This collaboration will enable developers to efficiently train, fine-tune, and deploy AI models using Google Cloud. Moving on to our final story, let's take a closer look at the 'Cloud Girls Meetup,' a gathering of female IT professionals. We spoke to the organizers to learn more about their objectives and activities.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
