---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-04"
date: 2024-04-04 08:05:00 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-04.mp3
summary: "Amazon Prime Video Adds Movie 'Winny' Based on Winny Incident; DLsite Temporarily Suspends Credit Card Usage, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 4th, 2024."
duration: "141"
length: "02:21"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 4th, 2024. In today's news, we have some interesting updates from the tech world.

First up, a new movie called 'Winny' has made its way to Amazon Prime Video's streaming service. The movie is based on the infamous Winny incident and has been available for streaming since April 3rd.

Moving on, the popular download sales site for doujin, PC games, and e-books, DLsite, has temporarily suspended the use of Visa and Mastercard. The company behind DLsite, Axis, has not provided a specific time frame for the suspension but has stated that they are refraining from giving a response at the moment.

Next, NTT Communications has officially launched an AI service that allows users to check cognitive functions over the phone. This service is targeted towards businesses and enables them to assess brain health based on phone conversations. NTT had previously offered a trial version of the service for individuals, but with the release of the business version, they have discontinued the individual service.

In the world of manga, a new challenge awaits fans of 'Captain Tsubasa.' Following the conclusion of the original series, a new serialized manga using the 'name' format has been announced. Fans are eagerly anticipating what this new format will bring to the beloved soccer manga.

Shifting gears to international news, Japanese Prime Minister Kishida expressed readiness to provide support to Taiwan following the M7.2 earthquake that struck the eastern part of the country on April 3rd. President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan responded with gratitude to the offer of assistance.

In collaboration news, Sega and Mizuho have established a new company called 'Mizuho Pochette.' This new venture aims to develop an app that allows parents and children to learn about money and economics together.

Lastly, the 'Secondary Creation Official Program' of Skeb, a platform for commissioned artwork, is coming to an end. The program, which aimed to identify the original content of submitted illustrations, has concluded that it is currently impossible to mechanically determine the specific source of a derivative work.

That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates from the world of technology.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
