---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-20"
date: 2024-06-20 09:24:18 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-20.mp3
summary: "Apple Vision Pro enables 'SteamVR' with free app 'ALVR' on App Store; PENTAX 17 film camera temporarily stops orders, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 20th, 2024."
duration: "147"
length: "02:27"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 20th, 2024. In today's news, Apple has introduced a new app called ALVR, which allows PC virtual reality (VR) gaming and app streaming to be compatible with the Apple Vision Pro headset. Even non-compatible VR headsets can now be connected to a PC and enabled for 'SteamVR' through ALVR. This means that users can stream and play games and apps from their PC to the Apple Vision Pro headset via Wi-Fi.

In other news, Ricoh Imaging has announced that due to an overwhelming number of reservations, they have temporarily stopped accepting orders for the PENTAX 17 film camera. The PENTAX 17 is the first product of the 'Film Camera Project,' a project by PENTAX to explore the development of film cameras. The camera is scheduled to be released on July 12th.

Moving on, the popular video streaming platform 'Niconico' has launched a temporary service called 'Niconico Live (Re:Temporary)' as their main service continues to recover from a cyber attack. The temporary service provides minimal functions for viewing and commenting, but it serves as a gathering place for users while the main service is temporarily suspended. The CEO of Niconico, Mr. Kurita, expressed his intention to create a space for users to come together during the service interruption.

In gaming news, Nintendo has set a new record with their latest video program, 'Nintendo Direct,' reaching a peak simultaneous viewership of over 2 million people. This number surpasses the previous record for simultaneous viewership of a video program in Japan.

Shifting gears, the popular children's science magazine, 'Kodomo no Kagaku' (Children's Science), is celebrating its 100th anniversary. As part of a special project, the magazine is working on digitizing and re-releasing all of its past issues as e-books.

Lastly, a printing company in Osaka, Sealing Printing, has come under scrutiny for violating the Subcontract Act by demanding 24,600 design revisions from subcontractors without compensation. The Japan Fair Trade Commission has issued a recommendation to the company for their violation of the law regarding payment delays to subcontractors.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
