---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-09"
date: 2024-07-09 09:02:48 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-09.mp3
summary: "Breakthrough in Obesity Treatment Mechanism and Physicists Create Incredibly Difficult Maze, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 9th, 2024."
duration: "145"
length: "02:25"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 9th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from Seoul National University and the UT Southwestern Medical Center have identified the mechanism behind a mysterious phenomenon caused by obesity treatment drugs. These drugs induce a feeling of fullness even before taking a single bite. The researchers have published their findings, shedding light on the brain's mechanism for causing pre-meal satiety.

In another news story, scientists from Cardiff University, the University of Geneva, and the University of Bristol have proposed an algorithm that can create complex mazes. These mazes utilize quasi-crystal structures and mathematical methods to challenge even the most skilled puzzle solvers.

Moving on to our next story, a journalist named X has recently received multiple suspicious follow requests from accounts with identical profiles. Intrigued by this peculiar situation, the journalist decided to engage in communication with these accounts to uncover their true identities.

The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in Japan has released a guidebook titled 'AI Utilization in Content Creation,' which highlights the considerations for using AI in the gaming, animation, and advertising industries. The guidebook provides real-world examples and addresses the legal issues associated with the use of AI in content production.

Have you ever wondered how cool your mattress can be? Well, a 'water-cooled mat' priced at just over 20,000 yen has been put to the test. Can it provide relief during hot summer nights? Let's explore the possibilities in this intriguing discussion.

Asken, the developer of the health management app 'Asuken,' has announced that they will be offering free accounts for elementary and middle school students during the summer vacation period. This initiative aims to promote health awareness among young individuals.

And finally, miHoYo, the developer of the popular game 'Genshin Impact,' has achieved a remarkable milestone with their new release 'Zenless Zone Zero.' Within just four days of its launch, the game has surpassed 50 million downloads worldwide. It's an impressive achievement for the company.

That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more exciting updates in the world of technology. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
