---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-13"
date: 2024-01-13 08:47:31 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-13.mp3
summary: "SBI Securities Receives Partial Business Suspension Order from FSA | AWS Certification Exam Fees to Increase, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 13th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 13th, 2024. In today's news, the Financial Services Agency (FSA) has issued a partial business suspension order and business improvement order to SBI Securities. The FSA found that SBI Securities manipulated stock prices in initial public offerings (IPOs) by artificially inflating the opening prices of three listed stocks for which they were the lead underwriter.

Moving on to our next story, starting from April 1st, the fees for AWS certification exams will increase. This price hike is due to fluctuations in the exchange rate and will result in an additional cost of 4,000 to 10,000 yen in Japanese yen.

Now, let's turn our attention to the successful launch of the H-IIA Rocket. Mitsubishi Heavy Industries announced that the H-IIA Rocket, carrying the government's optical intelligence satellite, Optical-8, was successfully launched from the Tanegashima Space Center at 1:44:26 PM on January 12th.

In other news, NTT President Akira Shimada has revealed that the restoration of communication infrastructure in the areas affected by the Noto Peninsula earthquake is uncertain. While NTT is providing communication services through mobile base stations installed on ships, known as 'ship-based base stations,' the complete recovery of the damaged facilities remains a challenge.

Moving on, HJ Holdings, the operator of Hulu, announced that Hulu will now be available for viewing on BMW's in-car monitors. This partnership allows passengers to enjoy Hulu's content during their car journeys.

Next, the popular smartphone game based on the anime 'Yuru Camp△' will undergo an extended maintenance period of approximately two months. The game's developer, enish, stated that this extended maintenance is necessary for thorough improvement work.

And finally, Yamato Transport will be implementing a partial price increase for its delivery services starting from April 1st. The price adjustment will affect the 180 and 200 size packages of the Takkyubin service, as well as the Cool Takkyubin and Golf Takkyubin services, with an overall increase of approximately 2% in fees.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
