---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-24"
date: 2024-07-24 09:03:30 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-24.mp3
summary: "New App to Strengthen Identification with My Number Card and U-NEXT Secures Exclusive Premier League Streaming Rights, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 24th, 2024."
duration: "129"
length: "02:09"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 24th, 2024. In today's news, the Digital Agency Minister, Taro Kono, announced that a smartphone app for reading the IC chip on the My Number Card will be released in August. The app will provide a more secure means of personal identification. Moving on to entertainment news, U-NEXT has signed a seven-year partnership agreement with the Premier League, securing exclusive streaming rights for all matches in Japan. Starting from August, fans will be able to enjoy the 'Soccer Pack' on U-NEXT. In other gaming news, Ubisoft Japan, the Japanese subsidiary of Ubisoft, released a statement regarding their upcoming game 'Assassin's Creed Shadows.' The company clarified that the game is a work of fiction, addressing concerns about the portrayal of the protagonist, Yajo. Shifting gears to technology, the sexual consent service called 'Kiroku' has surpassed 9,000 registered users. The service aims to provide advice on when and how to give consent and has recently launched a YouTube channel to further educate its users. On the manga front, Shogakukan has made all episodes of 'Scorching Kabaddi' available for free on their official app and comic distribution site, 'Sunday.' Fans have until the end of the month to catch up on the series. Additionally, the aging population and shortage of caregivers have led to increased interest in caregiving technology. Various technological solutions, such as excretion sensors and communication devices, are being implemented in caregiving facilities to improve comfort and efficiency. Finally, in a major crackdown on investment fraud through social media, the Osaka Prefectural Police conducted simultaneous searches at four locations in Osaka. The group is suspected of selling expensive information products and deceiving people out of their money. This is the first nationwide crackdown on a fraud group operating through social media. Thirteen members have already been issued arrest warrants, and further arrests are expected. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
