---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-15"
date: 2024-02-15 08:00:19 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-15.mp3
summary: "AWS Japan President to Step Down, Playdate Game Console Shipments Completed, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 15th, 2024."
duration: "115"
length: "01:55"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 15th, 2024. In today's news, the president of AWS Japan, Tadao Nagasaki, will be stepping down from his position, effective March 11th. Amazon Web Services Japan announced his departure. Moving on to gaming news, the highly anticipated handheld game console, Playdate, has completed shipments of over 70,000 pre-orders. The official Playdate Twitter account confirmed that all reserved units have been shipped and that there is currently available stock. In other news, NHK's popular program, 'Project X,' is set to make a comeback after an 18-year hiatus. Starting in April, the show will air every Saturday night. Shifting gears to the business world, furniture company Itohki has announced its entry into the office data utilization business. They aim to create agile offices that evolve continuously through data analysis. In mobile network news, a graph in Rakuten's financial report has raised some eyebrows. The graph compares the communication quality of Rakuten Mobile's network with three other companies. It shows that one company's communication quality has deteriorated, sparking curiosity about the reasons behind this decline. Turning to the gaming industry, Sony has reported record-breaking sales of the PlayStation 5. In the October to December quarter of 2023, Sony sold a staggering 8.2 million units of the PS5, marking the highest quarterly sales figure to date. Finally, as the pollen season begins, there is some confusion regarding the expression of pollen levels. The new and old notations for pollen levels are being used interchangeably, causing some uncertainty for those monitoring the pollen count. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
