---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-16"
date: 2024-05-16 08:22:19 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-16.mp3
summary: "Fuji General Releases Wearable Air Conditioner 'Komodogea Icelee' with Cooling 'Rhythm Stimulation' Feature; PayPay Outage During Lunchtime Addressed by Chief Cabinet Secretary, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 16th, 2024."
duration: "130"
length: "02:10"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 16th, 2024. In today's news, Fuji General has launched a new wearable device called 'Komodogea Icelee,' which cools the blood flowing through the neck artery by attaching it to the neck. The device now comes with a new feature called 'Rhythm Stimulation.' Moving on to our next story, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshimasa Hayashi addressed the PayPay outage that occurred during lunchtime on May 15th. Hayashi mentioned during a press conference that the Financial Services Agency is demanding a thorough investigation into the cause of the outage and proper notification to customers. Now let's switch gears and talk about Blackmagic Design's camera app. The company's Japanese subsidiary showcased the Android version of the free camera app, 'Blackmagic Camera,' at their event called 'BLACKMAGIC DAY.' This marks the app's first public release in Japan. Shifting our focus, let's discuss Sony's PS5 sales performance. While the sales of PS5 have been strong, the company's future projections are more conservative. Sony's business model aims for growth even if the hardware sales slow down. Next, let's talk about the issue of forged My Number cards. Digital Minister Taro Kono mentioned during a press conference that he is considering the development of a smartphone app that can read the IC chip on the My Number card for identity verification. By promoting identity verification through IC chip reading instead of visual inspection, the aim is to prevent the use of forged cards. Moving on to our final story, 'MinShu,' the company behind the job review website for job-seeking students, announced the 'MinShu 2025 New Graduate Job Popularity Ranking in the IT Industry.' The top-ranked company has held the first place position for 15 consecutive years. Lastly, HOYA provided an update on the impact of the system failure on their business performance, stating that their sales revenue has remained stable. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more tech updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
