---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-12"
date: 2024-08-12 09:00:16 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-12.mp3
summary: "New Communication Space 'GR SPACE TOKYO' Opens in Harajuku, Game Streamers and Copyright Infringement, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 12th, 2024."
duration: "122"
length: "02:02"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 12th, 2024. In today's news, a new communication space called 'GR SPACE TOKYO' has opened in Harajuku. Created by Ricoh Imaging, this space is dedicated to the 'GR' series and aims to be a place for smartly showcasing photography. Moving on to our next story, a manga artist who is also a gaming enthusiast has spoken out against game streamers who ignore copyright guidelines. This issue arose when a streamer broadcasted an entire game on its release day, angering the game creator. Now, let's turn our attention to Rakuten Group. Despite ongoing losses in its mobile business, there are signs of improvement. The company recently announced its second-quarter earnings for the fiscal year 2024, showing a growth in consolidated revenue and a reduction in the mobile business's deficit. Shifting gears, VTuber agency 'Buysupo!' has established a new anime subsidiary called 'Brave Pictures.' This move aims to enhance the IP development of their own VTubers. Next up, the resignation support service 'Moomly' has made user data publicly available. The company behind this service, Albatross, has released attribute data from 15,934 service users. We'll explore the utilization of this service in the IT industry. As we continue our news coverage, let's talk about window air conditioners. With the scorching heatwave, air conditioning is essential. However, if your air conditioner breaks down, it could take time to repair or replace it. That's where window air conditioners come in. They can be installed by the users themselves, providing a convenient option. Lastly, the popular doujin shop 'Toranoana' has announced the suspension of Visa and Mastercard payments for its online shopping service. This sudden decision comes just before the upcoming Comiket. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
