---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-16"
date: 2024-08-16 08:34:14 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-16.mp3
summary: "Hitachi Selected as DX Platinum Company | Samurai Sword Launches 'My Train's Face' Service, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 16th, 2024."
duration: "149"
length: "02:29"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 16th, 2024. In today's news, Hitachi has been selected as a DX Platinum Company, showcasing their efforts and achievements in digital transformation. Many companies are still in the process of implementing DX, but what sets the 'DX Brands' and 'DX Platinum Companies' apart? We explore Hitachi's initiatives to find the optimal solution for promoting DX.

Moving on to our next story, Samurai Sword, a company specializing in convenience store printing services, has announced the launch of their new service called 'My Train's Face.' This service allows customers to print frontal photos of railway vehicles at convenience stores for a starting price of 400 yen.

Next, we turn our attention to a major power outage in Osaka Prefecture. The cause of the outage, which occurred on August 15th around 4:03 am, is believed to be a malfunction in the underground power transmission lines. Kansai Electric Power, the utility company responsible for transmission and distribution, has released a statement regarding the incident.

In a recent survey conducted by Nifty, it was found that nearly 70% of elementary and middle school students have friends online. Furthermore, more than 20% of them have been in a relationship with their online friends. This highlights the prevalence of online interactions among young students.

In an interesting study conducted by the University of Tokyo, researchers have discovered that two mushrooms, when brought close together, exhibit emotions that appear to be human-like. This phenomenon suggests that non-human entities can possess emotions, challenging our previous understanding.

Shifting gears to politics, Taro Kono, the Minister for Digital Transformation, expressed his ambition to utilize his extensive experience as a former minister in various portfolios. During a press conference on August 15th, Kono stated that he has tackled significant challenges as the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Defense, and the Minister in charge of vaccines. He hopes to apply his expertise to address the major issues facing Japan in the future.

Lastly, the massive power outage in Osaka on the 15th affected several establishments, including hotels and data centers, which had to rely on emergency power sources. Some supermarkets even delayed their opening hours due to the outage.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
