---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-20"
date: 2024-04-20 08:33:16 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-20.mp3
summary: "Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Creates Minecraft World Data / Browser Version X Introduces 'Explore' Feature, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 20th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 20th, 2024. In today's news, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism in the Shikoku region has created a buzz with a photo of a survey landscape featuring a sign that reads 'Creating Minecraft World Data.' The photo, posted on X (formerly Twitter), has sparked discussion as it resembles a photoshopped image. The ministry's Shikoku Regional Development Bureau is currently offering a free download of a Minecraft world data that recreates part of the 'National Sanuki Mannou Park.' The post was intended to showcase the surveying process for expanding the area.

In other news, the browser version of X has surprised users by replacing the 'Trends' section with a new feature called 'Explore.' The 'Explore' section appears on the right side of the timeline and clicking on 'Show more' takes users to the traditional trend display page.

Moving on, Glico, the Japanese food company, has announced a halt in the shipment of chilled food products such as 'Cafe au Lait' and 'Pudding' due to a system failure.

In theme park news, Universal Studios Japan (USJ) has postponed the opening of the 'Donkey Kong' area to the latter half of 2024 in order to enhance its overall quality.

In a surprising spectacle, a projection mapping titled 'Godzilla Attack on Tokyo' will be showcased on the wall of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building in Shinjuku starting from the 27th of April.

In the world of technology, NTT Docomo is set to start selling the 'EVERING' smart ring, which supports Visa touch payments. The ring is available for purchase as a stand-alone device or with a monthly subscription plan priced at 550 yen. Even users without a Docomo contract can utilize the ring.

Lastly, the official X account for the upcoming movie 'Last Mile,' scheduled for release in the summer of 2024, recently posted a link on their official website. However, when fans clicked on the link, they were greeted with a '404 not found' error. Despite the lack of information, fans are still excited about the movie. Stay tuned for updates.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech, your source for the latest in technology and innovation.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
