---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-20"
date: 2024-03-20 09:02:15 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-20.mp3
summary: "Security Clearance Bill Under Review, PayPay Point Usage Surpasses 15 Million, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 20th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 20th, 2024. In today's news, the Japanese government has begun reviewing the Security Clearance Bill, which aims to establish the Security Clearance (SC) system to limit access to confidential information related to economic security. The bill focuses on preventing arbitrary regulations and disadvantages. Moving on to our next story, PayPay, a cashless payment service, has announced that the number of users utilizing their 'Point Investment' feature has surpassed 15 million. This feature allows users to experience virtual investment using their PayPay points, and the average increase in points is 42.7%. Now let's turn our attention to the job hunting scene. According to a survey conducted by companies, it has become a challenge to understand the extent of students' individuality and skills based solely on resumes and entry sheets. As a result, the submission of digital portfolios such as presentation slides and self-promotion videos has been positively received. However, there is a possibility that AI-generated content will also become prevalent in the job hunting process. Shifting gears, the Digital Agency has finalized the design for the next-generation My Number Card. The new card will feature a redesigned appearance, integrate the gender notation on the face of the card, and consolidate the required PIN numbers from four to two, improving usability. In other news, Tokyo Sogensha, a publishing company, has issued an apology to translators for unauthorized use of translated texts in their free e-book. Moving on, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has announced the early termination of the 'Supporting Lives! TOKYO Genki Campaign,' which provided up to a 10% point rebate for QR code payments. Originally scheduled to run until March 31st, the campaign will end on the 23rd. Lastly, Bandai Namco Entertainment has issued an apology for using expressions in their smartphone app 'Idolmaster Cinderella Girls Starlight Stage' (Dereste) that resemble those from other existing works. They have made changes to ensure the expressions are distinct from the original works. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
