---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-03"
date: 2024-08-03 09:12:56 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-03.mp3
summary: "Twitter's Comment Display Feature Raises Legal Concerns, and Japan's First Drone Fireworks Show in Kagoshima, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 3rd, 2024."
duration: "84"
length: "01:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 3rd, 2024. In today's news, we have two significant stories to cover.

First, Twitter's comment display feature is facing legal scrutiny. Dwango, the company holding the patent for displaying comments on screens, has pointed out that Twitter's implementation of the feature without prior notification may be an infringement. The CEO of Nico Nico, Mr. Jotaka Kurita, revealed that they were not informed about the implementation of the 'comment display (beta)' feature on TwitCasting. This situation raises the possibility of legal action.

Moving on to our second story, Kagoshima City is set to host Japan's first drone fireworks show. On the 24th of this month, immediately after the ceremony of the 22nd Kagoshima Kinjo Bay Summer Night Fireworks Festival, a drone fireworks show will take place. For approximately 15 minutes starting at 7:30 pm, 500 drones equipped with fireworks will fill the night sky. The planned display includes a firebird enveloped in flames and an image representing the city. This innovative event promises to be a spectacular visual experience.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
