---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-05"
date: 2024-08-05 08:30:30 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-05.mp3
summary: "AI in Japanese Education: Different Approaches and Concerns | Drone Fireworks Show in Kagoshima, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 5th, 2024."
duration: "79"
length: "01:19"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 5th, 2024. In today's news, we have two interesting stories to discuss. First up, the use of AI in Japanese education. The Japanese school system is considering incorporating AI into the curriculum, but there are different approaches and concerns. While some believe that AI can help students develop AI skills and utilize them effectively, others see it as a learning tool similar to drills. The distinction between these two approaches will be crucial in future discussions about AI and education.

Moving on to our second story, a drone fireworks show took place in Kagoshima, marking a first in Japan. The event, called the '22nd Kagoshima Kinjo Bay Summer Night Fireworks Festival,' featured a spectacle of drone fireworks. Around 500 drones equipped with fireworks flew in the night sky, creating mesmerizing displays such as a phoenix engulfed in flames and various other shapes representing the city. This innovative use of drones showcases the potential for creative and captivating performances.

That concludes today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
