---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-29"
date: 2024-01-29 08:50:15 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-29.mp3
summary: "Golden Kamuy Movie Released; Sexy Tanaka Drama Controversy, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 29th, 2024."
duration: "143"
length: "02:23"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 29th, 2024. In our first news story, the highly anticipated movie adaptation of the manga 'Golden Kamuy' was released on the 19th. The film depicts a survival battle revolving around a hidden Ainu treasure and is based on the manga by Satoru Noda. Moving on to our next story, the author of the original manga, Hinako Ashihara, has expressed her dissatisfaction with the drama series 'Sexy Tanaka' aired on Nippon TV last October. She decided to write the script herself, leaving the original screenwriter feeling bitter about the experience. Now let's turn our attention to the world of gaming. The hit game 'Suika Game' has achieved a staggering 6.82 million downloads since its release on January 1st. Originally developed as an app for projectors, the game gained popularity after its release on Nintendo Switch. We had the opportunity to speak with the developers about the game's success and their plans for an Android version. In space news, Space One announced that they will launch the first rocket of their small-sized 'Kairos Rocket' on March 9th. This marks a significant step towards their goal of commercializing space transportation services. Shifting gears, let's talk about disaster response. In an effort to gather information about evacuees during the Noto Peninsula earthquake in Reiwa 6, the Digital Agency has announced that they will distribute 'Suica' cards to evacuees. By linking the Suica cards to personal information such as names, addresses, and contact details, authorities can track the whereabouts and actions of evacuees. Moving on to the world of artificial intelligence, Google Cloud and Hugging Face, an open-source AI development platform, have announced a strategic partnership. This collaboration will enable developers to efficiently train, fine-tune, and deploy AI models on the Google Cloud platform. Lastly, let's take a look at a community initiative. The 'Cloud Girls Party' is a gathering of female IT professionals. We spoke with the organizing members to learn more about their goals and activities. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
