---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-16"
date: 2024-02-16 08:13:28 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-16.mp3
summary: "Morisawa to Release 43 New Fonts in Fall 2024, and Investigation Launched into 'Sexy Tanaka-san', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 16th, 2024."
duration: "127"
length: "02:07"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 16th, 2024. In our first news story, Morisawa, a leading font company, has announced plans to release a total of 100 fonts as part of their OpenType font development project. This project, which commemorates the 100th anniversary of the invention of the Japanese typesetting machine, will see 43 fonts being released in 2024. Moving on to our next story, following the passing of Honoko Ashihara, the original author of the TV drama 'Sexy Tanaka-san,' Nippon Television Network has released a statement. They have established an internal special investigation team to conduct a thorough investigation into the matter. Now, let's move on to our next news item. The official Twitter account of ufotable, the animation production company behind 'Demon Slayer' and other popular anime, has suddenly disappeared. As of February 15th, the @ufotable account cannot be accessed and displays a message stating that the account does not exist. Shifting gears, the Chiba Prefectural Assembly is embracing a paperless approach by introducing tablet devices. Each of the 95 assembly members has been provided with an iPad Pro to view documents and materials related to the assembly sessions, resulting in an annual cost savings of 4.8 million yen. Next, we have an interesting study conducted by researchers from the University of Electro-Communications. They have created edible robots made from gelatin and sugar and examined the psychological effects on individuals who consume them. The study aimed to determine if feelings of guilt or other emotions arise when eating a robot. Lastly, JR East Japan is conducting a pilot experiment in railway antiques sales. They have created a virtual train environment where users can specify the items they desire. This new approach allows users to experience a virtual train and make purchase requests for desired items. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
