---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-17"
date: 2024-04-17 09:18:45 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-17.mp3
summary: "Slow Walking Speed Linked to Smaller Brain Size and Lower IQ | LINE Yahoo Faces Second Administrative Guidance, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 17th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 17th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from Duke University in the United States have found a correlation between slow walking speed and smaller brain size and lower IQ. The study, conducted in 2019, examined the relationship between walking speed at the age of 45 and physical function, aging rate, brain structure, and cognitive function. The researchers concluded that individuals with slower walking speed tend to have smaller brains and lower IQ.

Moving on to our next story, LINE Yahoo is facing second administrative guidance from the Japanese government. Minister Tsuyoshi Matsumoto announced that while LINE Yahoo has implemented some emergency measures, such as network separation from South Korean company NAVER, the government deems their actions insufficient. The minister has requested LINE Yahoo to provide more specific measures by July 1st.

In other news, Niantic has announced a major update for the popular game Pokémon GO, which is celebrating its upcoming 8th anniversary. The update will introduce new visuals and will be rolled out in three phases on April 17th, 22nd, and May 7th.

Meta, formerly known as Facebook, has released a document explaining its efforts to combat fraudulent advertisements impersonating celebrities. The company aims to address the issue of scam ads that falsely claim endorsement from famous individuals.

NASA has reported an incident where waste released from the International Space Station ended up colliding with a house on Earth. While NASA had calculated that the debris would burn up in the atmosphere before reaching the ground, a portion of it did not burn up and fell onto a house in Florida on March 8th, 2024.

In technology news, SoftBank's satellite phone service is experiencing a disruption, rendering voice calls, data communication, and SMS services unavailable.

Lastly, PayPay has announced the launch of the 'Support Your Local Town Project' in collaboration with 11 municipalities, including Shinagawa Ward and Nerima Ward. The campaign, starting from May, will offer point rewards of 10-30% for payments made using PayPay at participating stores.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
