---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-20"
date: 2024-07-20 09:13:13 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-20.mp3
summary: "Windows Blue Screen Issues Impact Companies Worldwide | Japanese Piracy Website Shut Down, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 20th, 2024."
duration: "153"
length: "02:33"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 20th, 2024. In today's news, we start with the widespread Windows blue screen issues that have been causing disruptions around the world. On the 19th of July, a simultaneous occurrence of blue screen errors affected Windows PCs globally. The root cause of this problem can be traced back to CrowdStrike, a US security vendor. George Kurtz, the CEO of CrowdStrike, took to his personal X account to provide an explanation of the situation.

Moving on to the impact of these blue screen incidents on domestic companies, several businesses in Japan have also been affected. Universal Studios Japan (USJ) reported that they are individually addressing each affected device, which is causing delays in resolving the issue.

Furthermore, the blue screen issues have extended beyond individual PCs and are now impacting major public clouds as well. It has been discovered that large-scale public cloud providers have also been affected by the widespread blue screen incidents that occurred on July 19th.

Now, let's take a closer look at why the blue screen of death (BSoD) is so dreaded. We will explore this topic with the help of an IT expert who will shed light on the fears associated with this notorious error.

Shifting gears, the Japanese Recording Industry Association (RIAJ) announced the closure of a notorious pirate website specializing in unauthorized Japanese music distribution. The website, hikarinoakari.com, had been illegally uploading Japanese music and generating revenue through advertisements and affiliate programs. The RIAJ plans to pursue legal action based on the disclosed information.

Lastly, let's discuss the fear-inducing nature of the widespread Windows blue screen incidents from an information systems perspective. Since the blue screen issues began on July 19th, many companies' IT departments have been grappling with the consequences. The blue screen errors cause PCs to enter a reboot loop, and while recovery methods have been provided, it remains a significant challenge for affected companies' information systems departments.

In other news, after approximately four months of suspension, Glico announced the resumption of shipments for popular chilled products such as 'Pucchin Pudding' and 'Cafe au Lait' starting from August 6th.

That wraps up today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
