---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-17"
date: 2024-06-17 08:27:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-17.mp3
summary: "Quantum Entanglement and the Nature of Time? / The Truth Behind the 'Wallets of People' Alternate Reality Game, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 17th, 2024."
duration: "134"
length: "02:14"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 17th, 2024. In today's news, Italian researchers have proposed a theory that time may be a byproduct of quantum entanglement. The researchers, affiliated with the University of Florence, have published a study suggesting that time emerges from quantum entanglement.

Next, we have an intriguing story about an alternate reality game that surprised a manga artist with social anxiety. On a certain day in June, a 'wallet of a person' was delivered to my house. However, it wasn't actually someone's wallet. It turned out to be an item for a puzzle-solving game.

Moving on, let's talk about the return of a popular internet platform that has become an 'internet elderly club' of the Reiwa era. In response to the cyber attack that caused the suspension of 'Niconico,' a new platform called 'Niconico Douga (Re: Kari)' was suddenly released on June 14th. By featuring popular videos from around 2007, it has been welcomed by long-time internet users.

Now, for all the photography enthusiasts out there who prefer still images over videos, we have a highly recommended camera from Fujifilm. The 'X-T50' is a compact and lightweight camera that caters to those who want to focus on capturing still photos rather than videos.

In other news, DMM Bitcoin, which experienced a bitcoin outflow of approximately 45.29 BTC (equivalent to about 5.5 billion yen) at the end of May, has announced the completion of securing bitcoins to compensate for the outflow.

Lastly, at the G7 Summit, discussions are underway regarding the ethical use of AI, particularly in addressing its negative aspects such as military applications. The leaders of the advanced seven nations convened on June 14th to discuss international cooperation in preventing the misuse of AI. While AI-powered automated content generation is expected to contribute to societal growth, concerns have arisen about its use in military operations and the spread of misinformation. The G7 leaders are emphasizing the urgency of finding solutions to these challenges.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
