---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-08"
date: 2024-04-08 08:10:50 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-08.mp3
summary: "Controversial Film 'Oppenheimer' Released, Rohticket's Changes Spark Debate, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 8th, 2024."
duration: "114"
length: "01:54"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 8th, 2024. In today's news, the movie 'Oppenheimer' has been released, portraying the life of the scientist who created the first atomic bomb. The film has generated controversy even before its release, with the runtime being a major concern for some viewers.

In other news, Rohticket, the electronic ticket service by Lawson, has made changes to its system that have caused a stir. The phrase 'If your smartphone breaks, you're dead' used in the announcement has been criticized for its alarming tone.

Moving on, X has announced plans to strengthen measures against spam accounts. This includes taking action to remove spam accounts, which may result in changes to followers' counts.

In the world of literature, Osaka Institute of Technology has developed 'Chatting Genji Monogatari,' an AI-powered chatbot that can answer questions and even recite poetry from the classic Japanese novel 'The Tale of Genji.' The system utilizes multiple AI technologies and a specially curated database to provide accurate responses.

In business news, TV Asahi has announced the acquisition of additional shares in the hobby manufacturer, KOTOBUKIYA, making it a subsidiary company under the equity method.

KDDI has started accepting pre-orders for an Apple Watch case that replicates the design of the original 'INFOBAR' released 21 years ago. The case allows users to make calls using the Apple Watch's functionality.

And finally, Kobayashi Pharmaceutical has announced that it will begin accepting online returns for its red yeast rice products starting from tomorrow, providing customers with a convenient way to return the affected items.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
