---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-08"
date: 2024-06-08 07:54:39 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-08.mp3
summary: "Mobile Battery Rental Service Misuse Leads to Arrests, Election Commission Contractors in Kanagawa Hit by Cyber Attack, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 8th, 2024."
duration: "137"
length: "02:17"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 8th, 2024. In today's news, a mobile battery rental service called 'JUREN' has announced the arrest of individuals who misused their service. JUREN revealed on their official X account that the service records every usage in seconds, allowing them to identify and apprehend those who abused the system.

Moving on to our next story, the election commission contractors in Fujisawa and Chigasaki cities in Kanagawa Prefecture have fallen victim to a cyber attack. The commission had entrusted the creation and delivery of entry tickets for voting booths to a company called Iseto in Kyoto. Unfortunately, Iseto experienced a cyber attack, raising concerns about the possible leakage of voter information.

In other news, a Korean startup called Wrtn Technologies has secured a funding of 2.84 billion yen. They offer a platform that provides free access to AI models like 'GPT-4 Turbo.' The funding will be used for product and service development, as well as advancing the technology.

The National Association of Public Universities has released a statement expressing their concerns about the deteriorating financial situation of national universities in Japan. They highlight the impact of rising prices and a weak yen, which have led to a continuous decline in the financial health of these institutions.

In the world of animation, the bankruptcy proceedings of the renowned animation studio 'Gainax' have been announced. Hideaki Anno, who served as the representative of the studio 'Khara,' expressed his disappointment, stating, 'It is regrettable that an animation studio with nearly 40 years of history has come to such an end.'

Lastly, an anime series called 'Magical Instrumentalist Darya' is facing controversy regarding its potential involvement with a North Korean production company. The production committee of the anime admitted that they cannot deny the possibility of North Korean involvement, raising concerns about the authenticity and integrity of the series. They have decided to remake the anime domestically before its broadcast.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
