---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-01"
date: 2024-01-01 11:43:48 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-01.mp3
summary: "Longest TV Commercial Ever and Sega Collaboration Earphones, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 1st, 2024."
duration: "112"
length: "01:52"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 1st, 2024. In today's news, Aniplex is set to broadcast a 480-second (8-minute) TV commercial for the movie 'Kizumonogatari - Koyomi Vamp' on New Year's Day. This will be the longest TV commercial in Japanese history. Moving on, let's talk about security precautions for the new year. As we enter 2024, it's important to be mindful of IT security. Now, let's shift gears to a collaboration between Sega and Onkyo. They have released wireless earphones that are a result of this partnership. However, there have been some concerns raised by the editorial team. Next, we have an interesting insight into the production of 'Evangelion: 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time'. According to an interview with Kazuhiko Narita, the production manager for the 'Avant2 Part' and 'A Part' of the movie, Hideaki Anno, the director, doesn't engage in table flipping. Narita sheds light on Anno's managerial style. Now, let's discuss the latest trends in mechanical keyboard switches. The popular mechanical keyboard switch, known as the 'HHKB switch', has evolved from the traditional red and blue switches. Biaako, a developer of custom keyboards, explains the current evaluation criteria for keyboard switches. Shifting gears, we have news from Mapion, a web mapping service. They are providing a feature on their PC version that displays the sunrise time on New Year's Day 2024. Lastly, we have an interesting story about a person who transitioned from JAXA to anime production management. Kazuhiko Narita shares his unique career path and the differences and similarities between working at JAXA and in the anime industry. He also discusses his experiences working on the 'Project Evangelion'.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
