---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-05"
date: 2024-01-05 08:37:22 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-05.mp3
summary: "Amazon Holds 'New Year Sale' Until January 7th | Satellite Images of Disaster-hit Areas in Ishikawa and Toyama Prefectures Released, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 5th, 2024."
duration: "111"
length: "01:51"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 5th, 2024. In today's news, Amazon Japan is currently holding a 'New Year Sale' from January 3rd at 9 am until January 7th at 11:59 pm. The sale offers various discounts and lucky bags. In other news, the space venture company, Axelspace, has released satellite images of the areas affected by the earthquake in Rikuzentakata City, Nanao City, Takaoka City, and other areas in Ishikawa and Toyama Prefectures. The images are available for free to the government and media organizations. Moving on, the Geospatial Information Authority of Japan has announced that there was a maximum crustal displacement of 3 meters in the western part of Wajima City due to the earthquake that occurred on January 1st. Furthermore, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism has implemented a 'drone flight ban' across the entire Noto Peninsula to ensure it does not hinder manned helicopter activities such as search and rescue operations. Shifting gears, Rakuten Mobile has announced support measures in response to the earthquake disaster in Noto Peninsula. These measures include waiving the reissuance fee for SIM cards, relaxing various application procedures, and extending payment deadlines. Similarly, SoftBank is offering support measures such as fee reductions and deadline extensions for smartphone, fixed-line, and electricity services. Additionally, KDDI is providing support measures including fee reductions, deadline extensions, and free data recovery services for communication fees and electricity charges. That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
