---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-02"
date: 2024-01-02 09:18:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-02.mp3
summary: "Yahoo! Fundraising Exceeds 100 Million Yen for Noto Peninsula Earthquake, Crustal Movement Shifts Wajima 1.3 Meters West, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 2nd, 2024."
duration: "121"
length: "02:01"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 2nd, 2024. In our first news story, Yahoo! has launched an emergency fundraising campaign through their 'Yahoo! Fund' service to support the earthquake damage in Noto Peninsula, Ishikawa Prefecture. The campaign will be open for donations until March 31st. Moving on to our next story, the Geospatial Information Authority of Japan has announced that significant crustal movement was observed following the earthquake in Noto Peninsula. The city of Wajima experienced a displacement of approximately 1.3 meters to the west. Shifting our focus, NTT Docomo and SoftBank have announced the establishment of free Wi-Fi service called '00000JAPAN' in response to the earthquake with a maximum intensity of 7 in Noto region. However, users are advised to exercise caution when using the service. Now, let's take a moment to talk about self-care. With the continuous coverage of the Noto Peninsula earthquake, it's important to find ways to maintain mental well-being and distance ourselves from distressing news. We'll share some tips on how to achieve this. Next up, Toyota Motor Corporation has released a 'Passable Road Map' to assist relief vehicles in navigating the affected areas following the earthquake. However, due to high demand, access to the map is limited to those who truly need it. In response to the earthquake, the mobile battery rental service 'ChargeSPOT' has decided to offer free rentals for 48 hours, providing a convenient solution for those in need of power. Lastly, mobile phone companies have started reporting on the impact of the earthquake that occurred off the coast of Ishikawa Prefecture on January 1st. They have also provided a 'Disaster Message Board' service to facilitate communication during emergencies. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
