---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-18"
date: 2024-02-18 08:38:49 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-18.mp3
summary: "Latest Episode of 'Demon Slayer' Released in Theaters and Successful Launch of H3 Rocket, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 18th, 2024."
duration: "112"
length: "01:52"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 18th, 2024. In today's news, manga artist who watched the latest episode of 'Demon Slayer' in theaters expressed excitement. The new series, 'Pillar Training Arc' Episode 1, and the previous series, 'Swordsmith Village Arc' Episode 11, are currently being shown in theaters as part of the 'World Tour Screening of Demon Slayer: Bonds of Miracle and Pillar Training.' In other news, JAXA successfully launched the second test model of the next-generation main rocket, the H3 Rocket, from the Tanegashima Space Center. The rocket flew as planned, and the second-stage body was placed in the designated orbit. Moving on, OpenAI's video generation AI, 'Sora,' is making waves on the internet. This AI model can create videos up to one minute long simply by following prompts. The AI has released videos that recreate the game 'Minecraft,' and its high quality has garnered much attention. In another story, the popular game 'Suika Game' will soon release its first official merchandise, starting with a bonus sticker included in 'GIGO's Taiyaki Main Store.' Shifting gears, former Mercari CFO and head of Mercari's Japan business, Naoki Aoyagi, has launched a new startup called 'newmo' and raised 1.5 billion yen in funding. Lastly, AWS, Google, NVIDIA, Cisco, and IBM have established the 'Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance' under the Linux Foundation to promote the adoption of post-quantum cryptography. And finally, ufotable, the anime production company known for 'Demon Slayer' and other works, has reported that their official website is currently undergoing restoration after suddenly becoming inaccessible on the 15th. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
