---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-14"
date: 2024-04-14 09:30:22 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-14.mp3
summary: "Rise of the Ronin: Manga Artist Falls in Love with Historical Game; Earth Pharmaceutical's 'Mo-ban Exit' Revealed as Parody, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 14th, 2024."
duration: "136"
length: "02:16"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 14th, 2024. In today's news, a manga artist has fallen in love with the historical open-world action RPG game 'Rise of the Ronin.' The game, set in the Bakumatsu period, has captured the hearts of those who enjoy history and romance games.

In other news, Earth Pharmaceutical's 'Mo-ban Exit,' which was thought to be a collaboration, has been revealed as a parody. The web commercial for the mouthwash 'Mondamin' with the hashtag 'Mo-ban Exit' turns out to be a clever parody instead.

Moving on, the iconic 'Polaroid' brand has made a comeback in Japan with a new analog product. The flagship model 'I-2,' which was released in Europe and the United States in the fall of 2023, will now be available in Japan. Users can capture and share nostalgic photos using the dedicated app.

In the tech industry, HOYA has partially resumed the shipment of its eyeglass lenses. Following a system failure caused by unauthorized access, HOYA announced that it has resumed accepting orders for some of its products.

In storage solutions, Western Digital is showcasing new products under the 'SanDisk' brand at the NAB Show 2024 in Las Vegas. The highlight of the exhibition is the industry's first 4TB SD card. Additionally, they will be presenting the PCIe-based SD Express card.

Turning to a financial news story, a 71-year-old man in Shiga Prefecture has fallen victim to an investment fraud scheme on social media. The man was deceived and lost a total of 100 million yen in cash.

And finally, during the joint statement at the Japan-U.S. summit, Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and President Joe Biden confirmed their close cooperation in advanced technologies such as AI and space development. This collaboration aims to ensure that Japan and the United States do not fall behind authoritarian countries like China in the field of cutting-edge technologies, which will have a significant impact on society and the economy.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech trends and news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
