---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-10-09"
date: 2024-10-09 09:40:46 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-10-09.mp3
summary: "Google's CPU Issue and Insights from Ancient DNA Analysis, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 9th, 2024."
duration: "156"
length: "02:36"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 9th, 2024. In a significant revelation, researchers from Google have reported a troubling issue with CPUs in large data centers. Dubbed the 'Mercurial core,' this problem involves CPU cores that appear to function normally but actually produce incorrect calculations. This finding raises concerns about the reliability of computational processes in critical systems.

In another intriguing development, a team of researchers from universities in Bologna and Florence has conducted a comprehensive analysis of the remains of a child who lived approximately 17,000 years ago. The DNA analysis has uncovered fascinating details, including the child’s striking blue eyes and insights into their ancestry, suggesting that the parents were cousins. This research sheds light on ancient human life and genetics.

On the cybersecurity front, Casio has reported unauthorized access to its internal network, which occurred on October 5th. This breach has led to system malfunctions, resulting in the temporary unavailability of some services. The company is currently investigating the extent of the breach and working to restore normal operations.

In broadcasting news, NHK has introduced a new subscription fee model for those who only consume content via the internet without owning a television. Starting from the 2024-2026 fiscal years, the fee will be set at 1,100 yen per month. NHK anticipates a long-term decline in revenue due to changing viewing habits.

Meanwhile, NTT Docomo has announced a potential issue with around 930,000 SIM cards that have already been distributed to customers. The company warned that these cards might fail to function properly in the future due to a manufacturing oversight, even if they are currently operational.

Lastly, the Japanese version of ride-sharing has faced challenges six months after its introduction. While the number of regions where the service can operate has increased, strict regulations around operational hours and the number of authorized vehicles have hindered business expansion, leaving many taxi companies reluctant to fully embrace the model. 

In a positive development, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry has adopted a new talent management system called 'Kaonabi.' This SaaS platform aims to enhance internal communication, visualize employee skills, and support career development within the ministry.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
