---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-06"
date: 2024-05-07 08:08:00 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-06.mp3
summary: "Ricoh Releases Special Edition GR III with HDF Filter and Keyboard Market Tokyo Expands for Second Event, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 7th, 2024."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 6th, 2024. In today's news, Ricoh has released a special edition of the GR III camera model. The GR III HDF and GR IIIx HDF models come with an integrated HDF filter, promising improved image quality. Moving on to the next story, the second edition of the Keyboard Market Tokyo, a keyboard flea market focusing on custom keyboards, has been announced. Following the success of the first event, which sold out all 1000 tickets, the upcoming event in spring 2025 will have double the space to accommodate more participants. Now, let's shift our attention to the opening of the Kiniku Man Museum in Numazu, Shizuoka. This museum is the first permanent exhibition dedicated to the popular manga series 'Kiniku Man.' Fans, including the manga artist himself, are excited about this long-awaited attraction. Switching gears to photography, Fujifilm has introduced the instax mini 99, a unique analog camera that allows users to apply various effects to their photos. Despite its unconventional approach, this camera offers a nostalgic and creative way to capture memorable moments. Next up, Rakuten Group has announced the anime adaptation of their official character, the shopping panda. The anime is set to air this fall, and more details will be revealed at a later date. To address a tech glitch, some iPhone users experienced a weather app error that falsely displayed a heavy snow warning in Bunkyo Ward, Tokyo. The Meteorological Agency clarified that no such warning was issued and advised users to check the official website for accurate information. Lastly, Dropbox has been added to the list of government-certified cloud services in Japan, making it eligible for government procurement. The inclusion of Dropbox and other services in the government's Information System for Management and Administration Program ensures their security and suitability for government use. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest technology trends and innovations.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
