---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-30"
date: 2024-03-30 08:31:46 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-30.mp3
summary: "LIXIL to Release New Self-Cleaning Toilet | Sony Introduces Authenticity Verification Feature for 'α' Cameras, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 30th, 2024."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 30th, 2024. In today's news, LIXIL is set to release a new self-cleaning toilet called 'SATIS X' in June. This toilet combines automatic cleaning functions and the ability to remove invisible dirt. We spoke to the product manager to learn more about its structure and cleaning mechanism.

Moving on to our next story, Sony has announced an update for some of its 'α' cameras, including the 'α1,' 'α7S III,' and 'α7 IV.' The update introduces a feature that verifies the authenticity of images and videos. Sony plans to offer this 'Authenticity Solution' to professionals and media organizations. The 'α9 III' is also expected to receive the update after April 2024.

Next up, the Digital Agency has provided an update on the progress of Sakura Cloud, the cloud service selected as the 'Government Cloud' due to its compliance with technical requirements. While there have been delays in certain aspects, the development plan is expected to recover and meet the requirements by the end of fiscal year 2025.

Moving on, a new tool called 'Captions' has been introduced for automatically translating and dubbing Japanese videos into English. Originally available as an iOS app, the beta version of Captions for PC is now available. We tested the tool, including its new AI-powered features.

In other news, there has been a significant increase in reports of support scams targeting people aged 70 and above. The National Consumer Affairs Center is urging caution, particularly regarding suspicious warning screens on PCs.

Shifting gears, Mercari has launched a new delivery service called 'Eco Mercari Bin' in Tokyo and three other prefectures. This service offers a flat shipping fee of 730 yen for items up to size 100, and allows for contactless delivery.

Lastly, a free stock image site called 'Irassuto Honpo' is gaining attention. The website offers a variety of illustration materials, including 3D assets, for free. Interestingly, these illustrations are created by inmates at a certain prison.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
