---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-02"
date: 2024-08-02 08:20:36 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-02.mp3
summary: "Nature Remo Faces Technical Issues Again; My Number Card Face-to-Face Verification App Under Development, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 2nd, 2024."
duration: "116"
length: "01:56"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 2nd, 2024. In our first news story, the smart remote control 'Nature Remo' has experienced two technical issues in July. We reached out to the manufacturer, Nature, to learn about the causes of the problems and their plans for future solutions. According to Nature, they are working on fundamental measures to address the issues and are actively pursuing local support.

Moving on to our next story, the Digital Agency is developing a 'My Number Card Face-to-Face Verification App,' which is expected to be available by the end of August. This app will be used for identity verification in various situations, such as smartphone and SIM card purchases, and opening bank accounts. The app is currently undergoing a demonstration experiment, and on August 1st, Minister Taro Kono visited to observe its progress.

In other news, the development of 'Hatsune Miku V6 AI' is underway, with a planned release later this year. This version of 'VOCALOID6' will incorporate AI technology to expand the range of vocal expressions for the popular virtual singer, Hatsune Miku.

The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department has issued a warning about fake websites claiming to provide free live streaming of major events such as the Olympics. These sites pose a risk of stealing personal information, and users are advised to be cautious.

In the world of online content, the long-standing website 'Akiba Soken,' which has a history of 22 years, is coming to an end. Unfortunately, all articles on the site are no longer accessible.

Lastly, a new service has emerged that uses LLM to analyze and provide personality assessments based on user posts. By simply entering their user ID, users can have their posts analyzed and receive a personality diagnosis.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
