---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-25"
date: 2024-07-25 09:29:46 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-25.mp3
summary: "Converting Random Events into Time with Clocks and Untangling Cables with Optimal Speed, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 25th, 2024."
duration: "140"
length: "02:20"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 25th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from the University of Basel in Switzerland and the University of Rochester in the United States have proposed a new mathematical method to convert a seemingly random sequence of events into a clock and measure its accuracy. The researchers aim to estimate the passage of time based on the sound of waves and heartbeats. Moving on to our next story, physicists from the Georgia Institute of Technology, Stanford University, and MIT have announced a study suggesting the optimal method to untangle a cluster of multiple threads. They have discovered the 'optimal shaking speed' to unravel a single thread from a tangled mass. Now, let's turn our attention to the telecommunication sector. KDDI, one of Japan's major telecommunications companies, experienced a temporary communication failure in the eastern region of Japan. The outage occurred from 7:34 PM to 8:03 PM on July 24th. The issue has been resolved, and voice calls and SMS services are now available. However, this incident has caused 'au communication failure' to trend on social media. Moving on, the Japan International Exposition Association for the Osaka-Kansai Expo 2025 has issued a warning about fake accounts on the platform X (formerly known as Twitter). They have already reported the presence of these fake accounts on X. In the automotive industry, the Consumer Affairs Agency has issued a corrective order to WECARS, the company that took over the business of the former Big Motor. The order was issued due to 30 used cars sold between 2022 and 2023, which were labeled as 'no repair history' despite having a repair history. Lastly, Meta announced that they will be introducing an AI assistant called 'Meta AI' for their VR/MR headset, Meta Quest. This AI assistant will be available from summer 2024 and will allow users to ask questions about their surroundings. Meta AI will initially be available in English for users in the United States and Canada. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
