---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-10"
date: 2024-03-10 09:50:10 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-10.mp3
summary: "Pokémon GO Festival in Sendai and Manga 'Numbers to Play With' Win Awards, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 10th, 2024."
duration: "127"
length: "02:07"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 10th, 2024. In today's news, the Pokémon GO Festival, the biggest real-world event for Pokémon GO, will be held in Sendai from May 30th to June 2nd. The event has already sold out its early tickets, and fans are excited to see what the festival has in store.

Moving on, the manga 'Numbers to Play With' has won the 69th Shogakukan Manga Award. Despite being about math, the manga is actually a comedy and has garnered attention from both math enthusiasts and manga lovers.

Next up, the popular game 'Tenho no Sakuna-hime' will be adapted into a TV anime. The animation production company P.A.WORKS revealed that they have been cultivating rice in their office since last year in preparation for the anime, which gained recognition for its realistic portrayal of rice farming.

In camera news, Fujifilm has released the 'X100VI,' a high-end compact camera with a classical design and image stabilization. While smartphones and mirrorless cameras dominate the market, this new addition offers an alternative for photography enthusiasts.

Meanwhile, Leica announced the 'Leica SL3,' a new full-frame mirrorless camera. The compact and lightweight body is equipped with a 60-megapixel sensor and can even shoot 8K videos. The camera will be available for purchase on March 16th.

In other news, LINE Yahoo will donate 10 yen for each user who searches for '3.11' on Yahoo! Search and other platforms as part of their support for the recovery efforts in the Noto Peninsula and the Tohoku region. The campaign, called 'Search for Strength,' will take place on March 11th.

Lastly, CyberConnect2, a game development company, has announced temporary closure following the passing of renowned manga artist Akira Toriyama. The company's president, Hiroshi Matsuyama, expressed his condolences and stated that they will be taking a break to mourn the loss. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
