---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-17"
date: 2024-07-17 10:01:10 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-17.mp3
summary: "High Stroke Mortality in Prefectures with Many Ramen Shops, OM SYSTEM Launches New Product 'OM SYSTEM Curry', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 17th, 2024."
duration: "146"
length: "02:26"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 17th, 2024. In a study conducted by researchers at Jichi Medical University in 2019, it was found that there is a strong correlation between the prevalence of ramen shops and stroke mortality rates in different regions of Japan. The researchers from Jichi Medical University presented their findings, highlighting the link between the two factors. This study suggests that the high consumption of ramen may contribute to an increased risk of stroke.

OM Digital Solutions (OMDS) has introduced a new product under their 'OM SYSTEM' brand - the 'OM SYSTEM Curry'. This micro four-thirds camera manufacturer has expanded into the culinary world with their dry keema curry. The curry, which is now available for purchase on the official OMDS store on Rakuten, is described as a flavorful combination of various spices that enhance the taste of meat.

The National Institute of Technology and Evaluation (NITE) has issued a warning about three summer-related gadget accidents. They specifically highlighted the dangers of leaving mobile batteries and portable fans inside hot cars, as these items have the potential to catch fire. NITE provided safety tips to prevent such accidents.

Studio Ghibli and Walt Disney Japan announced that there are issues with the Ultra HD Blu-ray version of the film 'How Do You Live?' (also known as 'Kimi-tachi wa Dou Ikiru ka'). Customers who have purchased the faulty discs will be able to exchange them.

Users of the iOS version of the X app have noticed a new feature that automatically plays the next video after finishing the current one. This behavior is similar to platforms like YouTube and TikTok. However, there is a workaround to prevent this autoplay feature.

GungHo Online Entertainment has announced the discontinuation of the Amazon Appstore version of the popular puzzle game 'Puzzle & Dragons' in October. Players will no longer be able to access the game through the Amazon platform.

Starbucks Japan has expanded its mobile ordering service to iPhone users without the need for membership registration or installing a dedicated app. Starting in May, Starbucks Coffee Japan introduced the service using Apple's 'App Clip' feature, allowing customers to conveniently place their orders.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
