---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-27"
date: 2024-07-27 08:33:01 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-27.mp3
summary: "Niconico Douga to Resume Services on August 5th | Beware of Crowded Sumida River Fireworks Festival, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 27th, 2024."
duration: "148"
length: "02:28"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 27th, 2024. In today's news, Niconico Douga, the video streaming site, is set to resume its services on August 5th. The site has been temporarily shut down due to the impact of a cyber attack. Moving on to our next story, the Tokyo Metropolitan Park Association has issued a warning regarding the upcoming Sumida River Fireworks Festival. They emphasize that Shioiri Park is not a hidden gem and caution people against expecting a quiet experience. With more attendees expected compared to 2023, they urge everyone to act responsibly. Now, let's move on to the next news item. HENNGE, a security company, is organizing a unique security event at Kanda Myojin Shrine. They are collecting scary stories experienced by information systems personnel and having professional storytellers narrate them in a horror style. The event is scheduled for September 12th. Next up, Kameda Seika has released a card game called 'Kameda's Rice Cracker Concentration' featuring 13 different rice cracker designs. The game was inspired by the positive response to images posted on their official social media accounts. Moving on, Japanese space venture ispace unveiled a small lunar exploration vehicle that will be launched this winter by a US rocket. The company plans to land on the moon next year, collect lunar sand, and sell the ownership rights to NASA. If successful, this will be the world's first commercial transaction on the moon. In other news, a group involved in investment fraud through social networking sites has been arrested by the Osaka Prefectural Police. The group, consisting of 90 individuals aged between 19 and 45, operated from four buildings in Osaka City and used SNS to deceive people into investing money. Lastly, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has announced the establishment of the Olympic e-Sports Games, marking a significant step forward for the world of e-sports. With over 100 million participants worldwide, e-sports is gaining recognition as a competitive discipline. The first edition of the Olympic e-Sports Games is scheduled to take place in Saudi Arabia in 2025, and there are hopes that Capcom's 'Street Fighter 6' will be officially adopted as one of the events. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
