---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-01"
date: 2024-05-01 08:12:46 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-01.mp3
summary: "Beats Introduces New Wireless Earbuds and Headphones, ispace to Provide Data Communication Service between Moon and Earth, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 1st, 2024."
duration: "127"
length: "02:07"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 1st, 2024. In today's news, Beats has announced the release of their latest wireless earbuds, the 'Beats Solo Buds', which will be available for purchase in June for ¥12,800. These earbuds are being touted as the 'smallest ever' from Beats. In addition, Beats has also unveiled the 'Beats Solo 4', a wireless headphone with its own proprietary chip.

Moving on to space news, Japanese space venture ispace is set to launch two relay satellites to provide a new data service between the moon and Earth. The service, which will be offered by ispace technologies U.S., is scheduled to begin in 2026 during their third lunar exploration mission.

Shifting gears to the telecommunications industry, Rakuten Mobile has announced the launch of trial radio waves in the 'Platinum Band' or the 700MHz band. This move is aimed at providing commercial services as quickly as possible, starting from areas where urban signals are not reaching and gradually expanding.

In other news, the Japan Employment Support Organization, JEED, has revealed a potential data breach involving 591 companies and individuals due to a support scam. The breach occurred when a contracted specialist's PC was remotely accessed. JEED stated that the specialist had not implemented the requested information security measures.

Next, Mizuho Bank's smartphone app, 'Mizuho Direct App', experienced connectivity issues on April 30th, prompting the bank to advise users to access 'Mizuho Direct' through the browser version.

And finally, Pony Canyon has announced the cancellation of VTuber 'Koito Ria' (also known as 'Mikeneko')'s artist debut. The decision was made due to reasons unrelated to personal disputes. Koito Ria had planned to make her artist debut and release a CD this spring.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates and join us again tomorrow for the latest from the world of technology.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
