---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-12"
date: 2024-04-12 09:45:38 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-12.mp3
summary: "MFA Bomb Attacks Target iPhone and Apple Watch Users | Smartphone Use During Breastfeeding Analyzed, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 12th, 2024."
duration: "123"
length: "02:03"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 12th, 2024. In today's news, iPhone and Apple Watch users are being targeted by a series of 'MFA bomb' attacks. These phishing scams involve sending a flood of password reset notifications to unsuspecting victims, making it difficult to stop once it starts. Users who fall for the impersonation tactics could have their accounts compromised. Moving on to our next story, researchers from Kobe University and Toho University have analyzed the effects of smartphone use during breastfeeding. Their study aims to determine if using smartphones while nursing causes infants to become fussy. Now, let's turn our attention to the tech world. Adobe has released the beta version of 'Frame.io Version 4,' an updated video sharing and review tool. After three years of development, the new version features improvements to the user interface and other enhancements. In other news, TENGA, a well-known brand in the adult industry, is opening a concept store called 'TENGA LAND' in Harajuku. The store aims to create a space where visitors can experience a sense of excitement and indulge their instincts. Shifting gears, Audio-Technica has announced price increases for over 60 products, including headphones and microphones. The average price hike is around 17%, and the new prices will take effect on April 24th. Meanwhile, Orient Corporation has partnered with Sarendix to introduce the '3D Printer Housing Loan.' This loan allows customers to finance 3D-printed homes up to 10 million yen, with the goal of offering more affordable housing options. Lastly, Google Cloud has unveiled 'Hyperdisk ML,' a block storage service optimized for AI workloads. According to Google, Hyperdisk ML is 100 times faster than the high-speed storage options provided by AWS and Azure. That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
