---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-09-03"
date: 2024-09-03 08:13:58 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-09-03.mp3
summary: "Crowdfunding for AI Lawsuit Achieves Goal; Panasonic Targets Low-Cost Appliances, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 3rd, 2024."
duration: "156"
length: "02:36"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 3rd, 2024. In today's news, a crowdfunding campaign aimed at covering the legal costs for a lawsuit against the unauthorized use of designs by generative AI has successfully reached its goal. The illustrator Yasu Yuki, known for working with VTuber Lushia Junha, initiated this campaign, and by the evening of September 2nd, the total support exceeded the target of 6.67 million yen. This highlights growing concerns in the creative community regarding the use of AI technologies.

In the gaming world, Konami has announced a delay in the release of its highly anticipated title, ‘Pro Baseball Spirits 2024-2025’. Originally set to launch on September 19, the new release date is now October 17. The company stated that this postponement is aimed at delivering a higher quality product to fans.

Meanwhile, the Japanese Sports Promotion Center has reported an increase in the winning odds for the sports lottery ‘MEGA BIG’. This uptick has led to unexpectedly high sales, which in turn has affected the system, resulting in delays in announcing the latest results.

In business news, Panasonic Holdings is making a strategic shift by entering the low-cost private brand appliance market. This move comes in response to fierce price competition from Chinese manufacturers, and Panasonic aims to reclaim market share by targeting this volume segment, stepping away from its previous focus on high-end self-branded products.

On the travel front, Japan Airlines has launched a new service called ‘Travel Tax Donation’. Through this initiative, travelers can donate to local municipalities and receive electronic gift vouchers that can be used at their destination. This service is now available via the JAL hometown tax donation website.

In a move to combat misinformation, Meta has introduced a fact-checking program in Japan for its platforms, including Facebook and Instagram. This program, which involves partnerships with independent third-party organizations, aims to reduce the spread of false information and will also cover advertisements.

Lastly, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has decided to change the name of what has been referred to as ‘unwholesome books’. This decision follows a campaign led by members of the Japan Manga Association, who argued that the term carries negative connotations and should be revised to reflect a more progressive viewpoint.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
