---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-01"
date: 2024-06-01 08:23:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-01.mp3
summary: "DMM Bitcoin Experiences Massive Unauthorized Outflow, Beware of Misleading Subscriptions, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 1st, 2024."
duration: "146"
length: "02:26"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 1st, 2024. In today's news, DMM Bitcoin, a subsidiary of DMM Group located in Tokyo's Chuo Ward, has announced that approximately 48.2 billion yen worth of Bitcoin (4502.9 BTC) has been unlawfully leaked. The company plans to secure the leaked amount through support from its group companies and guarantee the full amount for its customers.

In another story, the National Consumer Affairs Center of Japan has issued a warning regarding advertisements that resemble buttons such as 'Start' on websites. These advertisements have led to unsuspecting users clicking and providing their information, resulting in unintended subscription contracts. Consumers are advised to be cautious when encountering such ads.

Moving on, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has announced the early termination of the metaverse platform 'Platobus,' which was launched during the 'Month for Strengthening Measures Against Loneliness and Isolation' in May. The service received significant feedback on social media due to the prohibition of conversations within the metaverse.

Additionally, Aniplex has revealed that the smartphone app 'Magia Record: Puella Magi Madoka Magica Side Story' (iOS/Android) will be discontinued on July 31st, bringing an end to its six-year history.

In the AI world, there are various AI generation services available, but it can be challenging to determine which one is suitable for specific tasks. To address this issue, a proposed method suggests investing in the 'Perplexity AI' search service to evaluate the most appropriate AI for individual needs.

Shifting gears, GMO VenturePartners, an investment company under GMO Internet Group, shares insights on their investment approach for startups. They discuss their focus areas, indicators, and the significance of the 'Number 2' position after the company's management.

Lastly, users who generate income through platform X are now receiving notifications requesting photo identification and 'selfies' for personal verification. To continue receiving rewards, users must complete the authentication process by July 1st. This measure aims to prevent fraud and enhance account security by confirming user identities.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
