---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-26"
date: 2024-02-26 08:14:14 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-26.mp3
summary: "Nintendo Changes Website Domain to 'nintendo.com/jp' / 'King Oger Ends' - Behind the Scenes of the Production, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 26th, 2024."
duration: "126"
length: "02:06"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 26th, 2024. In today's news, Nintendo has announced that it will be changing its website domain to 'nintendo.com/jp' starting from today. This change aims to provide a more streamlined online experience for Japanese users.

Next, the popular TV show 'King Oger' has come to an end. The final episode aired after a year of broadcasting. The show received attention not only for its intricate storyline but also for its impressive use of the latest technology, including high-quality background CG. However, it also sparked discussions on social media, with some questioning the budget and the excessive use of technology.

Moving on, let's talk about collaboration models. A wireless earphone collaboration model based on the popular manga series 'Cowboy Bebop' has caught the attention of manga fans. This collaboration model focuses on delivering exceptional sound quality, challenging the notion that collaboration models compromise on specifications.

Now, let's shift our focus to the latest trends in digital cameras. At the 'CP+2024' event, which has recently started, compact and lightweight interchangeable lenses have taken the spotlight. Several new products with impressive specs in relation to their small size and weight have been introduced.

In other news, the chairman of Oisix La Daichi, Kazuyoshi Fujita, has resigned following inappropriate remarks made on an online platform. Additionally, the president of the company, Kentaro Takashima, has voluntarily returned a portion of his compensation.

Lastly, Izumi, a regional supermarket chain, has fallen victim to a ransomware attack. The company's internal systems have been compromised, leading to disruptions in services such as delivery and email communication. It is expected to take until May for the systems to be fully restored, and in the meantime, the company can only be contacted through phone calls, faxes, and mail.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
