---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-10-08"
date: 2024-10-08 08:08:51 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-10-08.mp3
summary: "New Mobile Number Prefix Introduced and Yamaha Launches Music APIs, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 8th, 2024."
duration: "145"
length: "02:25"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 8th, 2024. In today's news, we start with a significant change in mobile phone numbering in Japan. The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has announced that a new mobile phone prefix, '060', will be introduced to address the growing concern over number shortages. However, it will be a few years before consumers can actually use these new numbers. This change is aimed at preventing further congestion in the existing numbering system, particularly as the current '06' prefix is becoming increasingly overloaded with misdialed calls.

In other news, Yamaha has made headlines by launching the 'Yamaha Music Connect API' aimed at businesses. This new service, which began on October 7th, allows companies to utilize Yamaha's advanced technologies, including audio source separation and MIDI to sheet music conversion. This initiative is expected to enhance creative possibilities for developers and businesses in the music industry.

Shifting gears, a recent survey conducted by NTT Docomo reveals that over 40 percent of teenagers feel they can be more authentic on social media than in real life. This finding highlights a growing trend among young people who are increasingly turning to platforms like X to express themselves freely.

Meanwhile, in a more light-hearted story, an advertisement featuring a dog figurine that appears to be defecating has sparked a wave of criticism on X. Many users have expressed their discontent with the ad, labeling it as inappropriate and calling it a 'crude advertisement.' The backlash has raised concerns for both the advertising platform and the company behind the ad, Temu.

On a celebratory note, Yahoo! Auctions has marked its 25th anniversary, and to commemorate this milestone, they have created a special site that showcases the original logo and homepage from its inception. This nostalgic look back at the platform's history has resonated with many long-time users.

Lastly, a new trend is emerging on social media with the hashtag '#DeskRecipe'. Users are sharing photos of their workspaces along with details about the products they use, aiming to inspire others to create comfortable and stylish work environments. This trend reflects a growing interest in personalizing home office setups, especially in a time when many are working remotely.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
