---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-29"
date: 2024-08-29 09:57:22 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-29.mp3
summary: "Video Games Boost Mental Health; Data Breach Affects 730,000 Healthcare Workers, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 29th, 2024."
duration: "153"
length: "02:33"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 29th, 2024. A recent study conducted by researchers from institutions like Nihon University, Hamamatsu University School of Medicine, and Osaka University has revealed that playing and purchasing video games can have positive effects on mental health. This large-scale natural experiment involved over 90,000 participants and aimed to clarify the causal relationship between video gaming and mental well-being.

In other news, there has been a significant data breach involving Sanofi, the Japanese arm of the French pharmaceutical giant. The company announced that personal information of approximately 730,000 healthcare workers in Japan may have been compromised due to unauthorized access. The breach reportedly occurred through a personal laptop used by an overseas consultant, violating company policy.

Switching gears, the Japanese company Elecom has found itself in the spotlight over a USB charger that is marketed as 240V compatible yet labeled for 'Japan only.' This issue arose when a user posted on social media about their new Elecom charger short-circuiting while used overseas, despite being within the specified voltage range. Elecom responded, clarifying that the product is intended solely for domestic use and is not suitable for international environments.

In academic developments, Hitotsubashi University has announced the establishment of a new doctoral program in Social Data Science. This initiative aims to enhance research capabilities in this rapidly evolving field.

Additionally, a new game design course is set to launch at Matsuyama Minami High School in Ehime Prefecture in April 2025. This pioneering program will cover essential skills like animation and programming, and will collaborate with private companies that will set up satellite offices on campus to provide guidance and support.

Lastly, a recent report by Levtech has ranked the average monthly rates for freelance IT professionals in Japan. The findings show that project managers earn about 770,000 yen per month, placing them second on the list, with other roles also highlighted for their competitive rates.

In an unusual incident, the Facebook page of a public library in Kanda, Fukuoka, was hacked on August 26. The page's username was changed to Vietnamese, prompting the library to alert users to unfollow the page.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
