---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-27"
date: 2024-03-27 08:37:03 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-27.mp3
summary: "Quantum Computing Error Correction with Penrose Tiling and Glasses Device Controlled by Ear Movements, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 27th, 2024."
duration: "136"
length: "02:16"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 27th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from Canada's Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and the University of Edinburgh have proposed that a non-repeating pattern called Penrose tiling can be applied to correct errors in quantum computers. This research suggests a potential solution to one of the major challenges in quantum computing. Moving on to our next story, researchers at Kobe City College of Technology have developed a glasses device that can be controlled by ear movements. This innovative device, known as 'Ear Piku Piku,' allows users to input commands such as 'Double Piku Piku' or '3-Second Long Piku' by simply moving their ears. This technology opens up new possibilities for hands-free control of various devices. In other news, Tom's Entertainment has announced the debut of episodes 1 to 3 of the anime series 'Jungle Kurobee' and 'Umeboshi Denka' on their official YouTube channel. This special release is in celebration of the 90th anniversary of the birth of the renowned manga artist, Fujiko F. Fujio. Shifting gears, Canva, the leading online design tool, has made a significant acquisition in its quest to compete with Adobe. The Australian company has announced its acquisition of Affinity, a major player in professional design tools. This strategic move strengthens Canva's position in the design software market. Now, let's turn our attention to a unique product release. While wireless earphones inspired by 'Kinoko no Yama' have been in high demand, a new product featuring 'Takenoko no Sato' has caught the attention of consumers. Although it is not an earphone, this wireless device has also gained popularity. Finally, in a fascinating discovery, a research team from the University of Tokyo's Advanced Science and Technology Research Center has found that the bird species known as 'Shijukara' uses wing gestures as a form of communication. This groundbreaking observation marks the first documented case of birds using wing gestures, providing insights into avian behavior. That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more exciting updates from the world of technology.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
