---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-26"
date: 2024-04-26 09:56:38 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-26.mp3
summary: "6G Logo Revealed, Sega Subsidiary Experiences Potential Data Breach, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 26th, 2024."
duration: "141"
length: "02:21"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 26th, 2024. In today's news, the international standardization organization 3GPP has unveiled the official logo for the 6th generation mobile communication system, '6G'. This organization, known for its work in establishing communication standards, has previously created and announced logos for 5G and LTE. Moving on to our next story, a subsidiary of Sega, Sega Fave, has announced a potential data breach involving approximately 4,740 personal information records. The breach occurred through unauthorized access to the company's email system, potentially compromising not only the information of its business partners and employees but also customer data from group companies. Now, shifting gears, let's talk about Xiaomi's latest offering. Xiaomi has released a gaming monitor, the 'Xiaomi Gaming Monitor G34WQi', which boasts a 34-inch curved display and a refresh rate of 180Hz. With a price tag of ¥39,800, this monitor seems to be suitable for both gaming and business purposes. As we approach Golden Week, the Information-Technology Promotion Agency (IPA) has issued a warning regarding security incidents. They emphasize the importance of taking precautions to avoid network-based attacks during the extended holiday period. Moving on, the Osaka City Board of Education has revealed that it failed to pay NEC approximately ¥713,213,000 for the maintenance and operation of school network systems over a two-year period. The board cited administrative complications and an inability to address the issue in a timely manner. In other news, the Fukuoka Dome, home to the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks, has entered into a unique joint naming rights agreement. Starting today, the stadium will be known as the 'Mizuho PayPay Dome Fukuoka'. And finally, Bandai Namco Entertainment has announced the release of the game 'SAND LAND', based on the original work by Akira Toriyama. The action game, developed by Bandai Namco Entertainment, is now available for purchase. That's it for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
