---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-13"
date: 2024-06-13 11:46:03 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-13.mp3
summary: "An Apple Event and Soft Touch Displays, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 13th, 2024."
duration: "123"
length: "02:03"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 13th, 2024. In today's news, Anrin University has announced a potential data breach involving the personal information of 77 patients. The university reported that a staff member's PC was accessed without authorization, leading to the potential leakage of personal information.

Moving on, researchers from the University of Bath in the UK have proposed a soft touch screen that responds to users' finger movements and pressure. The display's surface can flexibly deform based on the user's actions, creating a unique and immersive touch experience.

Next, as the upcoming US presidential election approaches, the issue of spreading fake news on social media has become a concern. An analysis of posts from the previous election revealed that a small number of users, known as 'super sharers,' were responsible for the majority of the dissemination of fake news. Surprisingly, the investigation also uncovered unexpected profiles of these 'super sharers.'

Shifting gears, Apple recently unveiled new high-end equipment from Canon and Blackmagic Design for their 'Spatial Video' feature. These devices allow users to experience stereoscopic viewing with Apple's Vision Pro. Canon introduced lenses specifically designed for this feature, while Blackmagic Design announced a dedicated camera with two lenses.

In other news, Toei Animation celebrated the 25th anniversary of the anime series 'ONE PIECE' by showcasing an event in Las Vegas. The highlight of the event was the appearance of the Straw Hat Pirates on a massive spherical screen towering 112 meters high.

Lastly, Sega has announced the removal of certain implemented songs from the smartphone game app 'Project SEKAI Colorful Stage! feat. Hatsune Miku.' This decision comes in response to the arrest of music creator 'Pusu' on related charges.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
