---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-05"
date: 2024-06-05 09:11:23 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-05.mp3
summary: "Quantum Entanglement Sheds Light on the Arrow of Time | Japan's Lonely Metaverse 'Platobase' | YouTube Leaks and Google Employees, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 5th, 2024."
duration: "170"
length: "02:50"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 5th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from the University of Surrey and the University of California, San Diego, have published a study exploring the reason why time only flows from the past to the future. They used quantum entanglement to delve into the unsolved problem of the 'arrow of time.' Moving on to our next story, the Japanese government's Cabinet Office has recently launched a metaverse called 'Platobase' as part of their efforts to combat loneliness and isolation. However, what sets Platobase apart is its rule of no communication between users, which has sparked discussions. We reached out to the Cabinet Office to understand why Platobase was implemented and why communication was prohibited. Shifting gears, news has surfaced that a Google temporary, contract, and vendor (TVC) employee was involved in leaking a non-public YouTube video of a Nintendo game, 'Yoshi Craft World,' to the popular online platform Reddit back in 2017. The details were revealed in an internal document at Google, as reported by 404 Media. Moving on to entertainment news, Toei has announced that they will be releasing a live-action film adaptation of the popular anime 'Voltes V' in Japan this coming October. Now, let's talk about the challenges of finding old information on the internet. According to a survey conducted by the Pew Research Center, as of October 2023, 38% of web pages from ten years ago are no longer accessible. This loss of web pages not only means that we lose access to past trends but also highlights the difficulty of finding information from that time even if it was preserved in print media such as books. And speaking of online activities, a 17-year-old boy has been arrested again by the Cybercrime Division of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of illegally accessing and defrauding a game account trading site. The teenager, who is employed at a company in Hamamatsu City, has admitted to the allegations, stating that he made approximately 4 million yen through this illicit activity. Lastly, let's discuss the challenges faced by LINE and Yahoo in their attempt to reduce their reliance on NAVER. SoftBank is currently in discussions to increase its stake in LINE Yahoo's intermediate holding company, which is jointly owned by NAVER, to 50% each. Although LINE Yahoo has announced the termination of their business outsourcing to NAVER, they still heavily rely on NAVER for system infrastructure. Achieving independence from NAVER poses a significant hurdle for LINE Yahoo. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
