---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-08"
date: 2024-07-08 10:08:57 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-08.mp3
summary: "Anime 'Kinnikuman' Not a Remake, Cyber Attack Scam Targets Data Leak Victims, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 8th, 2024."
duration: "124"
length: "02:04"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 8th, 2024. In today's news, the latest anime series 'Kinnikuman: Perfect Origin' is set to premiere tonight at 11:55 PM. Contrary to popular belief, this anime is not a remake but a brand new installment in the 'Kinnikuman' franchise.

Moving on to our next story, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department has issued a warning about a scam targeting individuals whose personal information was leaked in cyber attacks. The scam involves sending fraudulent emails claiming to be from lawyers and offering to delete the leaked information in exchange for a monetary payment. Authorities urge caution and advise against responding to such emails.

Next up, Chinese game developer miHoYo has released a new game called 'Zenless Zone Zero,' which features 18 free 3D character models. The game has been well-received, and miHoYo is offering these models for free on the popular video-sharing platform 'bilibili.'

In other news, Kyoto Animation has announced the upcoming unveiling of the 'Monument Connecting Ambitions' at a park in Uji City, Kyoto. The monument serves as a tribute to the resilience and determination of the studio following the tragic arson attack on its first studio building.

Shifting gears, a new AI search service called 'Perplexity' is making waves in the tech world. It boasts greater accuracy than ChatGPT and offers a potentially more convenient alternative to traditional Google searches. Could this be the future of AI-powered search?

Lastly, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG) is teaming up with the popular game series 'The Idolmaster' (Idolm@ster) to release a new banking app. This collaboration aims to combine the worlds of finance and entertainment, offering users a unique and engaging banking experience.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech trends and developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
