---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-29"
date: 2024-05-29 08:22:09 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-29.mp3
summary: "Panasonic Apologizes for Using Stock Photos on LUMIX Website | Nissin Introduces Vegetable Growing Set Using Cup Noodles Cups, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 29th, 2024."
duration: "130"
length: "02:10"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 29th, 2024. In today's news, Panasonic has issued an apology after its recently announced LUMIX DC-S9 mirrorless camera's website sparked controversy. The site featured photos that were not taken with the S9 but instead used stock images. Moving on, Nissin Food Products has unveiled the 'Cup Noodles Vegetable Growing Complete Set,' which allows users to grow vegetables using the empty cups of Cup Noodles. In other news, GMO Internet Group has launched a review site called 'Hotel Reviewn byGMO' that focuses on the Wi-Fi speeds of accommodation facilities. The site not only provides information on the Wi-Fi speeds of each facility but also allows users to narrow down their search based on average speeds and usage times. Shifting gears, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) has announced that it will abandon the operation of the small lunar landing demonstration vehicle 'SLIM' within this month. Despite successfully spending three nights on the moon's surface, the agency believes that the effects of the mission have become apparent. However, JAXA plans to make another attempt in June. In cybersecurity news, Kaspersky has issued a warning about a new ransomware called 'ShrinkLocker' that exploits Windows' encryption system, BitLocker. The ransomware encrypts data and steals only the password, forcing victims to contact the attacker. On the tech front, Amazon has introduced a new feature that allows users to earn Amazon Points through in-app purchases on Fire tablets and Android devices using the Amazon Appstore. Lastly, Next Level, the operator of a platform for 'skima bite' part-time jobs, has announced that it may have experienced a data breach due to unauthorized access, potentially compromising the personal information of nearly 500,000 individuals. The company claims that a person who obtained the information has returned a USB memory containing the data, but the situation is still being investigated.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
