---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-10"
date: 2024-06-10 09:46:02 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-10.mp3
summary: "Mathematical Equality and Gaming Innovation: Today's Headlines, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 10th, 2024."
duration: "136"
length: "02:16"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 10th, 2024. In today's news, we have two significant stories to discuss.

First, a research report by Kevin Bazzard, a professor at Imperial College London, delves into the concept of mathematical equality. Bazzard examines how mathematicians use the notion of equality and the impact it has on formalizing mathematics. With the advent of computers, the definition of equality has become ambiguous, and Bazzard's research sheds light on this important topic.

Next, we have an exciting development in the world of gaming. The sequel to the popular indie game '8th Exit' has been released, titled 'Platform 8.' This new installment brings significant changes to the game system, surprising and impressing manga artist who had the opportunity to play it. The innovative modifications in 'Platform 8' set it apart from its predecessor and promise a fresh and engaging gaming experience.

Moving on to other news, we turn our attention to the recent major disruption faced by the video streaming service 'Niconico.' The company's representative, Mr. Kurita, revealed that the cause of the outage was a cyber attack. He stated that restoring the service over the weekend would be challenging. The extended downtime has also affected events and live streaming on the platform.

Additionally, the mobile battery rental service 'JUREN' announced the arrest of an individual involved in fraudulent use of their service. 'JUREN' provides a rental service called 'Ju-Ren,' and the company highlighted that the service records transactions down to the second, enabling them to identify and take action against misuse.

Lastly, we have a concerning incident involving the election operations outsourcing in Kanagawa Prefecture's Fujisawa and Chigasaki cities. The company responsible for creating and sending entry tickets for voting locations, 'Iseto' based in Kyoto, fell victim to a cyber attack. As a result, there is a possibility that voter information may have been compromised. The authorities are investigating the extent of the data breach.

That wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments and their impact on our lives.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
