---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-29"
date: 2024-02-29 08:37:26 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-29.mp3
summary: "Cyber Attack Targets Wireless Chargers, Analysis of Piano Competition Winners, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 29th, 2024."
duration: "143"
length: "02:23"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 29th, 2024. In our first news story, researchers from the University of Florida and security company CertiK have proposed a method to hijack wireless chargers and launch various attacks on smartphones and surrounding devices. They exploit voltage noise from power adapters to take control of the chargers, leading to excessive heating and potential damage to the connected smartphones.

Moving on to our second story, a group of researchers from the University of Tokyo, Pitina Music Research Institute, Kochi University of Technology, and Kyoto University have analyzed the MIDI data of piano performances by participants in piano competitions. They examined the criteria used by multiple judges to determine the success or failure of the participants' performances.

Next up, a new model of the Mirai Speaker, called the Mirai Speaker Mini, has been released to support the hearing of elderly individuals and others who struggle to hear the sound from their televisions. The new model maintains the same specifications and structure as the previous version but is priced at under 20,000 yen, achieving a 30% reduction in cost. The CTO and CMO of Mirai Speaker discuss the reasons behind the price reduction and the company's future plans.

In gaming news, Square Enix has announced a flaw in the two-disc package version of the game 'FINAL FANTASY VII REBIRTH,' set to be released on February 29th. The contents of the two discs have been reversed, resulting in a mix-up.

DeNA, a Japanese mobile gaming company, has denied allegations made by Diamond Online, an economic media outlet, that one of its subsidiaries misused personal information for purposes outside of its original intent. DeNA has stated that there have been no violations of privacy laws and plans to take legal action against Diamond Online.

Lastly, in the world of smartphones, a simple and minimalist device known as the 'Light Phone' has gained popularity in the United States. The 'Light Phone II,' produced in collaboration with popular rapper Kendrick Lamar, offers a stripped-down smartphone experience and has attracted users who seek a more balanced relationship with their digital devices.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
