---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-06"
date: 2024-04-06 10:02:42 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-06.mp3
summary: "Controversy over Roche's Ticketing Service Change and X Enhances Spam Account Measures, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 6th, 2024."
duration: "120"
length: "02:00"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 6th, 2024. In today's news, Roche's electronic ticketing service, known as 'Roche Ticket,' has sparked controversy with a recent change in its specifications. The change, implemented on April 3rd, has raised concerns among users. Meanwhile, X, a prominent company, has announced plans to enhance its measures against spam accounts. This move includes taking steps to eliminate spam accounts and may result in a decrease in users' follower counts. Moving on to other news, Osaka Institute of Technology has developed an AI-based chatbot called 'Chatting Genji Monogatari.' This chatbot is designed to answer questions and even recite traditional Japanese poetry, known as 'waka.' The university utilized multiple AI technologies and a specially constructed database to ensure accurate responses. In business news, TV Asahi has announced the acquisition of Toy Company Juyo, making it a subsidiary under the equity method. In a nostalgic twist, KDDI has started accepting pre-orders for an Apple Watch case inspired by the first-generation 'INFOBAR' released 21 years ago. This unique case allows users to make phone calls using the Apple Watch's functionality. Shifting gears, Kobayashi Pharmaceutical has announced the start of online returns for its red yeast rice products, which have been subject to voluntary recalls. Customers can now initiate return requests through an online platform starting from today. Lastly, LayerX has conducted a survey on the impact of invoice implementation on corporate accounting departments. The survey, involving 420 finance professionals, revealed that nearly 80% of respondents found the process more burdensome. Additionally, approximately one in four receipts had some form of error or deficiency. That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
