---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-27"
date: 2024-01-27 09:28:19 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-27.mp3
summary: "Nintendo Switch Game 'Suika Game' Hits 6.82 Million Downloads and Space One to Launch 'Kairos Rocket' on March 9th, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 27th, 2024."
duration: "134"
length: "02:14"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 27th, 2024. In today's news, the popular game 'Suika Game' has reached a milestone with over 6.82 million downloads since its release on January 1st. Originally developed as an app for projectors, the game gained immense popularity after its release on the Nintendo Switch. We spoke to the developers to learn more about the game's success and future plans.

In other news, Space One, a company aiming to commercialize space transportation services, has announced that they will launch their first 'Kairos Rocket' on March 9th. The small-sized rocket is their own creation and marks a significant step towards their goal.

Moving on, the Digital Agency has announced a unique initiative to assist in gathering information about evacuees in the aftermath of the Noto Peninsula earthquake. They will distribute Suica cards to the evacuees and link their personal information such as name, address, and contact details to the cards. This will help in tracking their whereabouts and activities during the evacuation period.

In the world of AI development, Google Cloud and Hugging Face, an open-source AI development platform, have formed a strategic partnership. This collaboration will enable developers to efficiently train, fine-tune, and deploy AI models on the Google Cloud platform.

Shifting gears, we turn our attention to the 'Cloud Girls' community, a gathering of female IT professionals. We had the opportunity to speak with the organizers to learn more about their objectives and activities.

In a study conducted by Pokemon Company, it has been revealed that the average sleep duration in Japan has increased by 1 hour and 10 minutes over a span of 3 months, thanks to the 'Pokemon Sleep' app. The study involved approximately 150,000 participants from 7 countries.

Unfortunately, the IT Passport exam, scheduled to take place on January 26th, had to be canceled nationwide due to a system failure. The Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA) made the announcement, stating that the exam could not be conducted due to the technical issues encountered.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
