---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-04-01"
date: 2024-04-01 09:14:57 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-04-01.mp3
summary: "Smartphone Shopping Tips for New Life and Dragon's Dogma 2: A Mix of Charm and Frustration, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for April 1st, 2024."
duration: "130"
length: "02:10"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on April 1st, 2024. In today's news, many people are looking to buy smartphones for their new lives and new school terms. If you're planning to purchase one, there are some things you should know to avoid regrets. First, let's talk about smartphone shopping tips for new life.

Next, the highly anticipated game 'Dragon's Dogma 2' was released by Capcom on the 22nd. This sequel, after a 12-year wait, has generated a lot of excitement. However, it has also faced criticism and complaints. Some players have found the game to be both charming and frustrating. Let's explore what they have discovered.

Moving on, LINE Yahoo offers a feature on 'Yahoo! Maps' and 'Yahoo! Search' that allows users to check the cherry blossom viewing spots across approximately 1,000 locations in Japan. Now you can easily plan your hanami (flower viewing) outings.

In other news, the National Institute of Technology and Evaluation (NITE) has issued a warning about pet-related accidents that can lead to fires. They have also provided five points to prevent such accidents. If you have pets, it's essential to be aware of these safety measures.

Shifting gears to business etiquette, there are certain phone and email manners that are necessary in the workplace. Young professionals in their 20s, in particular, struggle with phone and email etiquette. This article will introduce you to the essential business manners for phone calls and emails.

On a different note, the 'moving life-size Gundam' will have its grand finale event on March 31st. You can watch the event for free on the 'Gundam Channel' on YouTube. Bid farewell to this impressive spectacle.

Lastly, LIXIL is set to release a new toilet that cleans itself. The 'SATIS X' toilet, available in June, combines automatic cleaning functions and the ability to remove invisible dirt. We spoke to the product representative to learn more about the structure and running costs of this innovative toilet.

That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech trends and news. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
