---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-10-03"
date: 2024-10-03 08:50:42 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-10-03.mp3
summary: "New Carbon Bond Discovered and Microsoft Launches Office 2024, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for October 3rd, 2024."
duration: "142"
length: "02:22"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on October 3rd, 2024. Researchers from the University of Tokyo and Hokkaido University have announced a groundbreaking discovery in the field of chemistry. They have experimentally demonstrated a new bonding method between carbon atoms, where two carbon atoms can bond using just a single electron. This finding validates a theory that was proposed a century ago, potentially leading to significant updates in educational materials such as textbooks.

In other tech news, Microsoft has released the new standalone version of its productivity suite, Office 2024. The consumer version, titled 'Office Home 2024', is priced at 34,480 yen, while 'Office Home & Business 2024' is available for 43,980 yen. This release continues Microsoft's commitment to providing versatile office solutions for users.

On a different note, a recent incident involving a Google Street View car has sparked controversy online. Images circulating on social media suggest that the vehicle may have committed a traffic violation, leading to discussions among users about the implications of such actions by automated vehicles.

In digital services, the Japanese Digital Agency reported a temporary outage affecting the My Number Card dedicated site, My Portal. Users experienced difficulties accessing the service for about six hours, although most functions have since been restored.

Meanwhile, South Korean company KRAFTON has made headlines with its announcement of a licensing agreement with Pocket Pair to develop a mobile version of the popular game 'Palworld'. This collaboration is expected to bring new features and gameplay experiences to mobile users.

In mobile technology, Apple’s iOS 18 has introduced an exciting new feature allowing users to lock specific apps using Face ID or Touch ID. This enhancement, along with other features like hiding distracting items and gesture typing, offers improved privacy options, catering to users who prioritize security.

Lastly, Toridoll Holdings, the operator of Marugame Seimen, announced the discontinuation of its mobile ordering service. The decision comes in response to customer feedback indicating that in-store ordering was sufficiently quick and efficient.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
