---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-17"
date: 2024-08-17 08:56:03 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-17.mp3
summary: "Horror Movie 'Ring' Watch Party and Unlimited Data Plan Changes, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 17th, 2024."
duration: "119"
length: "01:59"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 17th, 2024. In today's news, Tokyo Metropolitan Television is organizing a unique watch party on YouTube to coincide with the broadcast of the horror movie 'Ring' on the 18th. Viewers can participate in a Buddhist chanting session if there are any deaths in the movie.

KDDI is making changes to the expiration time of its online exclusive plan 'povo2.0,' which offers unlimited data usage. Starting from September 17th, the plan will end exactly at the scheduled time of expiration, instead of allowing usage until 11:59 PM.

Power outages have been reported in Kanagawa, Chiba, Saitama, and other areas in the Kanto region. As of 4:44 PM on August 16th, nearly 4,000 households are experiencing blackouts, according to Tokyo Electric Power Company.

ANA has started showing Pokémon-themed in-flight safety videos and disembarkation videos on ANA flights, including the 'Pikachu Jet.' The videos are also available on ANA's official YouTube channel.

Meta Quest headsets now support HDMI input, allowing users to display PC, Switch, and other devices on a large screen. By connecting a UVC/UAC-compatible capture card to the headset via USB Type-C and downloading the 'HDMI Link' app, users of Meta Quest 2/3/Pro can utilize this feature.

The demand for 'corporate in-house after-school childcare' services has surged during the summer vacation period due to a decrease in remote work. This service allows working parents, especially those in dual-income households, to have their elementary school children taken care of within the company premises, resulting in unexpected benefits of commuting together with their children.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
