---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-04"
date: 2024-03-04 09:38:47 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-04.mp3
summary: "Keyboard Enthusiasts Gather at 'Keyket' Event, and Manga Artist Shares Impressions of 'FF7 Rebirth', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 4th, 2024."
duration: "119"
length: "01:59"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 4th, 2024. In our first story, the first-ever DIY keyboard event, 'Keyboard Market Tokyo,' was held on March 2nd. The pre-sale tickets, priced at 1000 yen, sold out all 1000 tickets, highlighting the popularity of this event. We have on-site coverage to give you a glimpse of the event.

Moving on to gaming news, Square Enix released 'FINAL FANTASY VII REBIRTH' on February 29th. A manga artist, who has already played the game for 14 hours and reached Chapter 4, shared their impressions and said it exceeded their expectations in terms of enjoyment.

Next, the popular electronics retailer, Bic Camera, announced that their theme song has been chosen as the departure melody for the JR Yamanote Line's Ikebukuro Station. Commuters will now be greeted with the familiar tune when their train departs from the station.

In broadcasting news, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications revealed that a revision to the Broadcasting Act has been approved, designating NHK's internet streaming as an 'essential service.' This means that even those without a television can still access NHK's online content.

Moving on to technology products, Muji, known for its cost-effective offerings, released five new USB chargers. Among them, the 20W model is priced at 990 yen and has received positive reviews for its affordability and performance.

Lastly, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications announced that a revision to the Provider Liability Limitation Act has been approved. The aim of this revision, now called the 'Information Protection Act,' is to expedite the removal of defamatory and malicious posts by requiring service providers to establish a contact point for reporting such content.

That's all for today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech trends and developments.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
