---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-06-14"
date: 2024-06-14 09:26:29 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-06-14.mp3
summary: "PS5 Enables Discord Voice Chat Directly from Console, and Dream Machine AI Generates 5-Second Videos from Photos, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for June 14th, 2024."
duration: "136"
length: "02:16"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on June 14th, 2024. In today's news, the PlayStation 5 (PS5) now allows users to join Discord voice chat directly from the console. Previously, a PC or mobile app was required for this feature. Additionally, users can easily share their profiles on social media platforms. Moving on to our next story, Luma Labs, an AI startup, has recently announced their latest creation, the 'Dream Machine.' This cutting-edge AI service generates 5-second videos from a single photo. By providing a prompt and a photo, users can create a short video in just 2 minutes, with a frame rate of 1 frame per second. Now, let's shift our focus to a potential copyright issue. Interseller Technologies captured a breathtaking photo of Earth from the stratosphere, but it seems that a Chinese space development company may have used the image without permission. The similarities in composition raise suspicions. Interseller Technologies' CEO, Takahiro Inagawa, pointed out this possible infringement using his personal X account. Moving on, the management team of 'Nijisanji,' a popular virtual talent agency, has taken legal action against a blog that was posting malicious articles. The blog, named 'Nijisanji Anti-Sleuth's Truth,' has been shut down after receiving a cease and desist order from ANYCOLOR, the company behind Nijisanji. Lastly, starting from October, postal rates in Japan will increase. The cost of sending a standard letter will rise from 84 yen to 110 yen, and the price of a letter pack will increase from 370 yen to 430 yen. This change is attributed to the decrease in postal mail due to digitalization. Finally, in a recent announcement, LINE revealed that its cashless payment service, LINE Pay, will be discontinued on April 30th, 2025. Consequently, the 'Visa LINE Pay Credit Card' will also be terminated. However, until its expiration date, the credit card can still be used for transactions.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
