---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-15"
date: 2024-01-15 09:10:59 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-15.mp3
summary: "Ribbon Scarf Trend Takes the Internet by Storm, Captain Tsubasa Manga Series Comes to an End, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 15th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 15th, 2024. In today's news, a new scarf tying trend called 'Free Ribbon Maki' is gaining popularity online. People are wrapping their scarves in a ribbon-like style, and it has become a hot topic. However, the official manga interpretation differs from the trend. 

Next, the iconic manga series 'Captain Tsubasa' has come to an end. On January 5th, in 'Captain Tsubasa Magazine Vol.19' published by Shueisha, the author, Yoichi Takahashi, announced the conclusion of the series and his retirement from the forefront of manga creation. Fans of the series are reflecting on its impact and significance.

Moving on, the Financial Services Agency has issued a partial business suspension order and improvement order to SBI Securities. It is alleged that SBI Securities manipulated the stock prices of three initial public offering (IPO) listings, artificially inflating the opening prices. The Financial Services Agency has taken administrative measures against the company.

In other news, the fees for AWS certification exams will increase starting from April 1st. The price hike is due to fluctuations in the exchange rate, resulting in an additional cost of 4,000 to 10,000 yen in Japanese yen.

Furthermore, the Japanese government successfully launched the H-IIA Rocket No. 48, carrying the Optical 8 satellite for information gathering. Mitsubishi Heavy Industries announced that the launch was a success, with the rocket taking off from the Tanegashima Space Center on January 12th at 1:44:26 PM.

Additionally, NTT President Akira Shimada revealed that the restoration of communication infrastructure in the disaster-stricken areas affected by the Noto Peninsula earthquake is uncertain. Shimada stated that the situation does not allow for a clear timeline for complete recovery. In the meantime, NTT will prioritize the restoration of conventional facilities while providing communication services through mobile base stations installed on ships.

Lastly, HJ Holdings, the operator of Hulu, announced that Hulu will be available for viewing on BMW's in-car monitors. This partnership will allow passengers to enjoy Hulu's content during their car rides.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
