---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-13"
date: 2024-07-13 09:38:27 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-13.mp3
summary: "Financial Strategy Expert to Speak at Digital Strategy Expo 2024, Portable Cooler Tested in Hot Room, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 13th, 2024."
duration: "150"
length: "02:30"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 13th, 2024. In today's news, the Digital Strategy Expo 2024 Summer, organized by ITmedia, has begun. One of the upcoming speakers in the 'Financial Strategy' category is Mr. Kiyohide Nakata, a certified public accountant and the head research committee member of the Japan CFO Association. His speech will focus on promoting rational management decisions rather than just being a 'number cruncher.'

Moving on to our next story, with the recent extreme heatwaves, air conditioners have become essential for daily life. As a result, a new genre of spot coolers has emerged, and one of the latest additions is the battery-powered 'Compact Cooler' by Yamazen. We tested this portable cooler in a room with a scorching temperature of 30 degrees Celsius to see how well it performs.

Now, let's talk about the current deer boom in Japan. The popular TV anime 'Shika no Kono' has sparked a widespread interest in deer. Even Google searches are showing an increase in deer-related queries. It's quite a phenomenon!

Moving on, Cainz, a home improvement retailer, has announced a voluntary recall of its 'Circulator' product, which can be disassembled for maintenance. There have been incidents of the circulator catching fire while in use, so the company is urging customers to immediately stop using the product.

In international news, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida had his first in-person meeting with British Prime Minister Starmer in Washington. They agreed to collaborate on various fields such as developing the next-generation fighter aircraft, AI, and economic cooperation.

Next, the ride-sharing startup 'newmo' has launched its service in Osaka. To mark the occasion, they held a departure ceremony at the Expo '70 Commemorative Park. The CEO, Naoki Aoyagi, expressed their commitment to the success of the 2025 Osaka-Kansai Expo and mentioned the possibility of providing the service 24 hours a day if regulations regarding operating hours are relaxed.

In tech news, Dwango, the company behind 'Niconico Douga,' which has been experiencing service disruptions due to a cyber attack, announced that they are making progress in restoring the service. They expect to be able to provide an estimated time for full recovery soon and are migrating their systems to public cloud infrastructure.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
