---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-18"
date: 2024-08-18 08:59:55 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-18.mp3
summary: "Power Pro 2024 Bugs Apologized, and Cool Tech Backpacks for Hot Summer Days, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 18th, 2024."
duration: "130"
length: "02:10"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 18th, 2024. In today's news, Konami's latest release, 'Powerful Pro Baseball 2024-2025', has been receiving attention for its numerous bugs and poor game balance since its initial launch. One mode in particular, the 'Crown Nine' mode, has been criticized for its unfairness, leading Konami to issue an apology and promise an update.

Moving on to our next story, with the scorching summer days in Japan, many people are looking for ways to stay cool. Two companies have come up with innovative solutions using technology. They have developed backpacks equipped with 'Peltier elements' that can keep your back cool even in the summer heat. These products aim to provide relief to those who rely on backpacks for their daily activities.

Next up, Sony has released the 'ZV-E10 II', a video camera targeted towards the smartphone generation. This camera is considered a standout entry-level device in Sony's 'VLOGCAM' series.

In other news, Tokyo Metropolitan Television is organizing a unique simultaneous viewing event on YouTube. The event will take place alongside the broadcast of the horror movie classic 'Ring', and participants are encouraged to perform a Buddhist ritual called 'reading sutras' if any deaths occur in the film.

Shifting gears to telecommunications, KDDI is making changes to its 'povo2.0' online-exclusive plan, which offers unlimited data usage. Previously, the plan allowed users to continue using data until 11:59 PM on the day their designated period ended. However, starting from September 17th, the plan will end precisely at the scheduled time.

Lastly, several areas in the Kanto region, including Kanagawa, Chiba, and Saitama, are experiencing power outages. As of 4:44 PM on August 16th, approximately 4,000 households have been affected by the outages, according to Tokyo Electric Power Company.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
