---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-09-07"
date: 2024-09-07 09:32:25 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-09-07.mp3
summary: "Sharp Launches Innovative Hairbrush and EV Concept Model; North Korean IT Workers Drive Foreign Income, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for September 7th, 2024."
duration: "133"
length: "02:13"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on September 7th, 2024. Sharp has introduced a new hairbrush called Smoome, inspired by the unique design of a sea otter's paw. This innovative brush features pins of varying thicknesses and lengths, allowing for a smoother detangling experience while reducing stress on hair ends. Meanwhile, Sharp is also making waves in the electric vehicle sector, revealing a concept model named LDK+. This model features rear seats that can rotate backward, transforming the interior into a living room-like space. Although commercial release is still a few years away, this move marks Sharp's entry into the EV market.

In other news, the North Korean economy is seeing a rise in foreign currency earnings, particularly through its IT professionals. These skilled workers are being utilized to circumvent economic sanctions, contributing significantly to funding the country's nuclear missile development efforts. Their inexpensive labor and access to information are increasingly being leveraged for cyber attacks.

On the tech front, Mapbox Japan has announced a major update to the Yahoo! Car Navigation app. This update includes a revamped design that features 3D map representations, providing users with a more realistic visual experience while navigating.

In the realm of disaster preparedness, Chinese company ECOFLOW has launched a range of new portable batteries. With growing awareness around natural disasters like earthquakes and typhoons, the demand for reliable portable power sources is on the rise. ECOFLOW's new products are designed with a focus on emergency preparedness.

Lastly, in an interesting development within the entertainment sector, Sanrio has announced a partnership with Brave Group, a company known for its virtual YouTuber content. This collaboration will not only involve investment but also the integration of their intellectual properties, leading to new collaborative projects and products. Additionally, Shachihata has developed a novel toilet spray that reveals hidden stains on toilet seats when applied, enhancing the cleaning experience by providing visible evidence of cleanliness.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
