---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-13"
date: 2024-03-13 09:50:39 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-13.mp3
summary: "Mercari Faces Backlash Over 'Copy and Paste' Feature, Teenager Suspected of Sending Death Threats, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 13th, 2024."
duration: "114"
length: "01:54"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 13th, 2024. In today's news, online marketplace Mercari is facing backlash over a new feature that allows users to easily copy and paste product descriptions from other listings. While Mercari claims there are no copyright issues, users are expressing their concerns. In another story, a 15-year-old middle school student from Ashiya, Hyogo Prefecture has been sent for prosecution after allegedly sending death threats via email. The student is suspected of hacking into a server and sending threatening messages to a specific lawyer. Moving on, it has been 13 years since the Great East Japan Earthquake, and the energy landscape has transformed. With the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster still impacting nuclear power generation, Japan has increasingly turned to renewable energy sources such as solar power. In space news, the launch of the Kyros rocket, which was postponed on March 9th, has been rescheduled for March 13th. The small solid-fuel rocket will be launched from the Spaceport Kii in Kushimoto, Wakayama Prefecture. Shifting gears, a GMO subsidiary has conducted an interesting experiment by having a large language model take the IT Passport Exam. The results provide insights into the model's inference and problem-solving abilities in the IT field. And in retail news, Don Quijote announced the opening of a new store in Kaizuka City, Osaka, with a concept called 'Gira Gira Donki.' Lastly, AI startup ELYZA has developed a new Japanese language model called 'ELYZA-japanese-Llama-2-70b,' which surpasses the performance of existing Japanese models and rivals global models like GPT-3.5 Turbo. That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
