---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-31"
date: 2024-07-31 09:09:06 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-31.mp3
summary: "Yahoo! Search Results Display 'Heat Stroke Alert' and 'Special Heat Stroke Alert' | 'Manga Village' Former Operator Ordered to Pay Approximately 1.7 Billion Yen in Damages, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 31st, 2024."
duration: "138"
length: "02:18"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 31st, 2024. In today's news, Yahoo! Japan's search results now display 'Heat Stroke Alert' and 'Special Heat Stroke Alert' information. This update aims to raise awareness about the risks of heat stroke during the hot summer months. Moving on to our next story, the Computer Software Copyright Association (ACCS) has announced that the judgment in the civil lawsuit filed by KADOKAWA, Shueisha, and Shogakukan against the former operator of the pirate site 'Manga Village' has been finalized. The court has ordered the operator to pay approximately 1.7 billion yen in damages. This ruling serves as a significant victory in the fight against online piracy. Now, let's talk about cybersecurity. Cohesity Japan, the Japanese branch of the security company Cohesity, has released the results of a survey conducted among over 300 IT executives. The survey found that nearly 80% of the respondents would be willing to pay a ransom in the event of a ransomware attack to expedite data recovery and restore business processes. This highlights the challenging decisions organizations face when dealing with cyber threats. Shifting gears, the Information-technology Promotion Agency, Japan (IPA), has published the 'Information Security White Paper 2024.' The PDF version of the white paper is available for free download by participating in a survey. This initiative aims to promote information security awareness and knowledge sharing. Next up, let's talk about a smart fan. The 'Classic 42-inch Smart Tower Fan' by Levoit offers an affordable option for those looking to automate their cooling experience. With the dedicated app and Alexa integration, users can control the fan's settings with ease. Lastly, Morisawa Fonts has announced a special discounted price of 990 yen per year for students and faculty members starting from September 30th. This significant reduction from the usual price of over 60,000 yen aims to make the renowned font collection more accessible to the education community. And that concludes today's news from TotemoTech. Thank you for listening!   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
