---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-01"
date: 2024-03-01 07:42:36 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-01.mp3
summary: "Muse Dash Game Glitch and the Future of Leap Seconds, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 1st, 2024."
duration: "129"
length: "02:09"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 1st, 2024. In today's news, we have two interesting stories to discuss. First, in the world of gaming, the popular rhythm game 'Muse Dash' experienced a strange glitch related to the leap day phenomenon. On February 29th, the official 'Muse Dash' account reported that characters were disappearing from the main screen and the login screen turned black. It seems that this issue was somehow connected to the leap day. Moving on to our second story, the concept of the leap second is still making headlines. Although it has been effectively abolished, there is now a focus on the introduction of a new global time agreement. The leap second has caused troubles in the past for information and communication systems, but with its elimination, the IT industry is hopeful that they won't have to deal with leap second-related issues anymore. The National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT) provided insights into this matter. Now, let's move on to the other news stories. 'NewsPicks' recently apologized for copyright infringement after using photos from other news organizations and media without permission. In the world of convenience stores, Fujifilm Business Innovation has introduced a new feature called 'Share Print' in their multi-copy machines located in 'Seven-Eleven' stores nationwide. This feature allows users to easily share photos with their friends. Speaking of AI, Microsoft's 'Copilot' is gaining attention as an AI co-pilot for Windows, assisting users in various tasks. And finally, the Agency for Cultural Affairs announced the results of the public comments on the 'Draft Guidelines on AI and Copyright.' Over 24,000 comments were received, including 73 from corporations and organizations. The revised version of the guidelines, taking into account the public comments, was also published. That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech, your source for the latest tech updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
