---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-01-06"
date: 2024-01-06 09:37:37 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-01-06.mp3
summary: "PayPay App Allows Opening of NISA Accounts, Coastline Shifts 250m in Noto Peninsula, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for January 6th, 2024."
duration: "150"
length: "02:30"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on January 6th, 2024. In today's news, PayPay Securities announced that it has started trading on NISA accounts through the PayPay app since December 31, 2023. Users can access their accounts through the dedicated mini-app 'PayPay Asset Management' within the PayPay app, making it easier to manage their assets.

Moving on to our next story, a recent earthquake in the Noto Peninsula caused a significant shift in the coastline. According to the Tokyo Earthquake Research Institute, the earthquake on January 1st resulted in a rise of over 3 meters in the vicinity of a fishing port in Wajima City, Ishikawa Prefecture. As a result, the coastline moved approximately 250 meters towards the sea.

In related news, the earthquake also affected tsunami observation points in Suzu City, Ishikawa Prefecture. The Meteorological Agency announced that the underwater terrain changes caused by the earthquake have made it impossible to measure data at the observation point called 'Chobashi.'

Shifting gears, the Japanese Red Cross Society has started accepting donations for relief efforts following the Noto Peninsula earthquake. However, they have issued a warning about counterfeit websites and emails pretending to be the organization. Please exercise caution when making donations.

In other news, there has been a rise in phishing messages circulating on messaging platforms like LINE. These messages falsely claim to be from well-known companies such as Aeon and Seven-Eleven, enticing recipients to forward the message to 20 people for a chance to win a New Year's gift. Remember to be vigilant and avoid falling for these scams.

On a different note, the Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA) has announced relief measures for IT certification exams, including the IT Passport, for those affected by the Noto Peninsula earthquake. Test takers residing in Niigata, Toyama, Ishikawa, and Fukui prefectures can request to reschedule their exams due to the circumstances.

Lastly, Skapar JSAT has released satellite images of the Noto Peninsula region before and after the earthquake. These images are available on their website and allow users to compare the changes caused by the earthquake using cursor controls.

That's it for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
