---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-05"
date: 2024-03-05 07:20:20 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-05.mp3
summary: "New MacBook Air with M3 Chip Announced; MBS Media HD Goes Dark, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 5th, 2024."
duration: "117"
length: "01:57"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 5th, 2024. In today's news, Apple has announced the release of a new MacBook Air featuring the latest M3 chip. The new MacBook Air comes in two sizes, 13-inch and 15-inch, and is available for pre-order starting today, with shipping scheduled to begin on March 8th.

In other news, MBS Media Holdings has made a surprising announcement. They have undergone a mysterious transformation, changing their name to '闇' (Yami), which means 'darkness' in Japanese. This has caused confusion among netizens, with many finding humor in the situation.

Moving on, online marketplace Mercari has introduced a new service called 'Secure Appraisal' that allows users to verify the authenticity of their items. The service, provided by IVA's 'FAKEBUSTERS,' offers authentication for trading cards, bags, and sneakers.

In a disturbing trend, there has been an increase in opportunistic posts on social media following the Noto Peninsula earthquake. These posts, made by individuals seeking to profit from impressions, falsely claim to be in need of rescue. Most of these deceptive posts originated from overseas.

In a significant milestone for the Japanese venture industry, Space One, based in Tokyo's Minato Ward, is preparing to launch its first satellite. The company, aiming to shift from government-led initiatives to a more democratic approach, plans to launch the first model of its small solid-fuel rocket, 'Kairos,' from Kushimoto Town, Wakayama Prefecture on March 9th.

Lastly, Meiji, a major confectionery company located in Tokyo's Chuo Ward, has announced that it will discontinue the sale of its candy, 'Chelsea,' which has been available since 1971. This news has led to a surge in listings for Chelsea on various flea market apps.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
