---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-12"
date: 2024-07-12 08:31:39 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-12.mp3
summary: "Galaxy Supports Full Transfer of LINE Chat History, President Scam Targets Young People, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 12th, 2024."
duration: "144"
length: "02:24"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 12th, 2024. In our first news story, Samsung Electronics announced that they have upgraded their smartphone, Galaxy, to support the full transfer of LINE chat history. Starting from July 10th, users can now easily migrate their LINE conversations to Galaxy using the updated Smart Switch tool.

Moving on to our next story, the former president of the malicious multi-level marketing company 'President' has been arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Life Economy Division. Despite receiving a business suspension order, the suspect, Mr. Shin Sakamoto, and his associates continued their fraudulent activities by luring young people into their business school through a matching app.

In other news, the popular children's science magazine, 'Kodomo no Kagaku,' will be releasing a special edition to commemorate its 100th anniversary. The magazine's August issue will come with a separate appendix titled 'Kodomo no Kagaku August 2050.'

KADOKAWA, a well-known media company, has announced the acquisition of the animation studio 'Douga Koubou' as its subsidiary. This move aims to strengthen KADOKAWA's anime production capabilities and expand its portfolio, which includes popular titles like 'Oshi no Ko' and 'Chiikawa.'

In a concerning development, three companies within the Tokio Marine Group, including Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance, have announced the possibility of information leakage due to a ransomware attack on their contracted accounting firm, Kono & Associates.

Shintaro Yamada, the CEO of Mercari, has launched a new project called 'Girls Meet STEM Career' in collaboration with Honda, RIKEN, and 16 other organizations. This initiative aims to promote the participation of women in STEM fields by providing opportunities for middle and high school girls to experience various science and engineering professions.

And finally, Netflix has signed a five-year contract with the renowned drama producer, Mr. Akira Isayama, known for the hit series 'Futeki ni Mōdo ga Aru!' The streaming platform plans to exclusively release multiple new drama series and movies created by Mr. Isayama starting from July.

That's all for today's news. Thank you for listening to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
