---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-22"
date: 2024-05-22 09:48:17 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-22.mp3
summary: "Excessive Internet Use Linked to ADHD Symptoms and Breakthrough in Quantum Computing, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 22nd, 2024."
duration: "159"
length: "02:39"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 22nd, 2024. In today's news, researchers from USC Keck School of Medicine and UCSD in the United States conducted a study in 2018 to investigate the correlation between the frequency of using social media, videos, text messages, and the onset of ADHD symptoms. The study, which involved more than 2500 participants, found that excessive internet use may increase the risk of developing ADHD.

In another news story, researchers from the University of Manchester in the UK and the University of Melbourne in Australia announced a breakthrough in quantum computing. They proposed a method to manufacture reliable quantum bits using ultra-pure silicon, which has had impurities removed. This advancement could lead to the development of powerful quantum computers.

Moving on, popular TV personality, Matsuko Deluxe, will be hosting a new episode of her show 'Matsuko's Unknown World' on May 28th. The episode will focus on the world of visual effects (VFX), and Matsuko will have a discussion with film director Takashi Yamazaki about the latest VFX technologies. They will also talk about Yamazaki's work on the film 'Godzilla 1.0'.

In sports news, the Hanshin Tigers baseball team announced a potential data breach. Due to an incorrect setting by their outsourcing partner, YTE, approximately 8452 email addresses may have been leaked. The leaked information includes email addresses but does not include names, addresses, or credit card information.

Canon, the well-known camera manufacturer, has introduced a new product called 'PowerShot GOLF'. This golf rangefinder not only measures distances but also allows users to capture still images and videos.

In other news, the creator support service 'Fantia' and the 'Toracoin SHOP', operated by Toranoana, have temporarily suspended the use of Visa and Mastercard credit cards. The suspension, which started on May 21st at 3:30 PM, affects the ability to make purchases using these credit cards.

Lastly, Kyoto University announced an extraordinary observation in the animal kingdom. They recorded a monkey engaging in sexual behavior with a deceased individual. This is the first time such behavior has been documented in wild primates. The researchers believe that this observation provides important data for understanding the perception of life and death in animals.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
