---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-05-03"
date: 2024-05-03 08:43:30 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-05-03.mp3
summary: "Rakuten's Panda Anime to Air This Fall, iPhone Weather App Bug, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for May 3rd, 2024."
duration: "112"
length: "01:52"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on May 3rd, 2024. Rakuten Group has announced that their official character, 'Okaimono Panda,' will be turned into an anime series set to air this fall. The voice actor for the panda will be Ikuo Ohtani. More details about the anime will be revealed at a later date. In other news, a bug in the weather app on Apple's iPhone caused a false alert of a heavy snow warning in Bunkyo Ward, Tokyo on May 2nd. The alert, which stated that the warning was issued by the Japan Meteorological Agency, turned out to be a glitch on the iPhone app as the agency confirmed that no such warning was in effect. Users were advised to check the official website for accurate information. Moving on, Dropbox has been added to the list of 'government-certified cloud services' by the ISMAP Operating Committee, which consists of the Digital Agency and the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. This means that Dropbox and similar services will now be eligible for government procurement. Meanwhile, SoftBank's satellite phone service has been experiencing ongoing issues since the early hours of April 16th, resulting in the company suspending new subscriptions. And speaking of regulations, there has been a recent crackdown on adult content in relation to credit card payments by international credit card brands. This has sparked discussions on the future of adult content and payment methods. Lastly, Sunco has released a new product called the 'Koshi Belt Fan Double,' which is a belt with two small fans attached. The belt allows users to experience a cool breeze inside their clothes. The price for the product is 7,980 yen. And that wraps up today's news from TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more updates on the latest tech news.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
