---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-19"
date: 2024-02-19 08:49:26 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-19.mp3
summary: "Mathematical Analysis of Bach's Music Reveals Efficient Information Transmission; Chinese Researchers Develop Attack to Restore Fingerprint from Friction Sound, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 19th, 2024."
duration: "134"
length: "02:14"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 19th, 2024. In today's news, researchers from the University of Pennsylvania and other institutions have analyzed Bach's compositions mathematically and found that they effectively transmit a large amount of information. They converted the musical works into information networks and investigated the information content and transmission efficiency.

Meanwhile, researchers from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in China have developed a side-channel attack to restore fingerprints from the friction sound generated during smartphone fingerprint authentication. By recording and analyzing the friction sound, they proposed an automatic fingerprint identification system (AFIS) attack.

Moving on, a manga artist who watched the latest episode of the anime series 'Demon Slayer' expressed excitement and said, 'I can't contain my excitement!' The new series, titled 'Pillar Training Arc,' and the 11th episode of the previous series, 'Swordsmith Village Arc,' are currently being screened in theaters as part of the 'World Tour Screening of Demon Slayer: The Miracle of Bonds and Pillar Training.'

In other news, JAXA successfully launched the second test model of the next-generation flagship rocket, the H3 Rocket, from the Tanegashima Space Center. The rocket flew as planned, and the second stage was deployed into the designated orbit.

OpenAI's video-generating AI model, 'Sora,' has been making waves online. Users can create videos up to one minute long simply by providing prompts. The AI model has released videos that replicate the game 'Minecraft,' among others, and its high quality has garnered surprise and praise.

In gaming news, the popular 'Suikage' game will soon release its first official merchandise to combat counterfeit products. The initial official merchandise will be sticker sets and will be sold at 'GiGO's Taiyaki Main Store.'

Lastly, newmo, a startup founded by Naoki Aoyagi, the former CFO of Gree and the executive in charge of Mercari's Japan operations, has raised 1.5 billion yen in funding from Mercari and other investors.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
