---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-07-22"
date: 2024-07-22 09:21:57 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-07-22.mp3
summary: "Ado to Make Remote Appearance on 'Tetsuko no Heya' and AI Party Planner Gaining Popularity, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for July 22nd, 2024."
duration: "120"
length: "02:00"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on July 22nd, 2024. In today's news, Japanese artist Ado, known for not showing her face, is set to make a remote appearance on the long-running TV Asahi program 'Tetsuko no Heya' on July 23rd. This will be the first time in the history of the show that an artist with a 'no face' policy will appear. Moving on to the next story, an AI party planner is making waves in the food and beverage industry. The development of the AI party planner was inspired by the desire to create new relationships between humans and AI. Gatebox and Daruma Japan, the creators of the service, revealed that it has received unexpected attention. Now, let's talk about the latest 'Anpanman' movie. The film titled 'Let's Go! Anpanman: Baikinman and the Book of Lulun' has had the best start among all 35 Anpanman movies. Not only is it popular among children, but adults are also enjoying it. Next up, the Nakano Ward in Tokyo has released a 3D model of the closed 'Nakano Sunplaza' for free public use. The 3D scan data can be used for commercial purposes as well. The ward encourages the use of the data to recreate the Nakano Sunplaza in virtual reality and hold virtual tours and concerts. Shifting gears, let's discuss the recent Windows blue screen incidents. The CEO of CrowdStrike, George Kurtz, explained the situation regarding the blue screen problem that occurred worldwide. Meanwhile, in Japan, the incident has affected various companies. Universal Studios Japan, for example, is taking time to handle each affected device individually. Lastly, the blue screen incidents have also impacted major public cloud services. It has been confirmed that CrowdStrike is the cause of the widespread blue screen crashes on Windows PCs. That's all for today's news. Thank you for tuning in to TotemoTech. Stay tuned for more tech updates.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
