---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-02-17"
date: 2024-02-17 07:29:26 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-02-17.mp3
summary: "AI-Generated 'Fake Videos' Surprise Viewers and Official Merchandise for 'Watermelon Game' Coming Soon, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for February 17th, 2024."
duration: "137"
length: "02:17"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on February 17th, 2024. In today's news, OpenAI's video generation AI called 'Sora' is making waves with its ability to create 'fake videos' that mimic popular games like Minecraft. Users are amazed by the high quality of these AI-generated videos, which can be created with just a prompt and last up to one minute.

Moving on to our next story, the popular game 'Watermelon Game' is set to release its first official merchandise. The merchandise includes stickers featuring the iconic 'Watermelon Game' logo and will be sold at 'GiGO's Taiyaki Main Store'. This move aims to combat counterfeit products and provide fans with authentic merchandise.

In other news, former Mercari executive Naoki Aoyagi has successfully raised 1.5 billion yen for his new ride-sharing startup, 'newmo'. Aoyagi, who previously oversaw Mercari's operations in Japan, has attracted funding from companies such as Gree and Mercari.

Next up, major tech companies including AWS, Google, NVIDIA, Cisco, and IBM have joined forces to establish the 'Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance'. This alliance, operating under the Linux Foundation, aims to promote the adoption of post-quantum cryptography and enhance data security.

Shifting gears, ufotable, the renowned anime production company behind popular series such as 'Demon Slayer', is currently facing issues with its official X account. The account suddenly became inaccessible on the 15th, and ufotable has stated that they are currently in the process of restoring it.

In the world of retail, Nitori Holdings has announced its support for code payments at its nationwide stores. Customers will now have the option to use code payments, in addition to existing cashless payment methods such as PayPay, Rakuten Pay, and d Payment.

Lastly, Oisix has issued an apology for the inappropriate comments made by its chairman, Kazuyoshi Fujita. Fujita had made controversial posts on X (formerly Twitter) regarding 'radioactive contaminated water'. The company has expressed remorse for his remarks, and a disciplinary committee has been formed to address the issue.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
