---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-08-06"
date: 2024-08-06 09:26:20 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-08-06.mp3
summary: "Parents Unaware of Children's Online Connections, ZOZO Introduces 'Slow Delivery', & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for August 6th, 2024."
duration: "152"
length: "02:32"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on August 6th, 2024. In today's news, a survey conducted by NTT Docomo's Mobile Society Research Institute reveals that 40% of parents with junior high school students are unaware of their children's online connections. This highlights the need for parents to stay informed about their children's digital interactions.

In other news, ZOZO, the popular online fashion retailer, has announced the official introduction of 'Slow Delivery.' This new feature allows users to choose a delivery date with more flexibility and convenience. ZOZO has confirmed the effectiveness of this service through trials and has decided to end the bonus point rewards associated with it.

Moving on, Xiaomi Japan has released a range of lifestyle products, including sunglasses, blue light-cut glasses, suitcases, and thermos bottles. These products, which do not require electricity, cater to various everyday needs.

In a concerning development, LINE Yahoo announced a potential security breach in their email service, Yahoo! Mail. It is suspected that third parties may have had access to the contents of emails. The issue was related to a malfunction in the SMS login process for Yahoo! Japan IDs. The company has since resolved the problem.

Mitsubishi Electric Home Appliances has revealed that there is a possibility of a data leak involving approximately 2.31 million customer records. The investigation was prompted by an unauthorized access incident to their information system server in April. As a result, the company conducted a thorough examination of other servers, leading to the discovery of a potential additional data leak.

Shifting gears, FamilyMart has enhanced its AI assistants, Rachel and Akira, designed to support store managers. These humanoid AI assistants now have a new feature that allows voice search of operational manuals, providing store managers with quick access to essential information.

Lastly, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government announced a data leak affecting approximately 700 individuals. The leak occurred when Fujitsu Japan, a contractor, mistakenly included personal information in presentation materials for a briefing session. The Tokyo Metropolitan Government, without thoroughly reviewing the content, sent the download URL to the participants via email.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
