---
layout: post
title: "TotemoTech - 2024-03-03"
date: 2024-03-03 07:31:10 +0900
file: https://archive.org/download/totemotech/totemotech_2024-03-03.mp3
summary: "FF7 Rebirth Impressions and Big Camera's Theme Song for Ikebukuro Station, & more…"
description: "English tech news from Japan for March 3rd, 2024."
duration: "146"
length: "02:26"
explicit: "no"
keywords: "japan, tech, news"
block: "no"
voices: "'Rachel' from ElevenLabs"
---

### Transcript

Hello and welcome to today's news from TotemoTech on March 3rd, 2024. In our first news story, manga artist who goes by the name of 'FF7 Rebirth' has shared his impressions after playing the newly released game 'FINAL FANTASY VII REBIRTH' by Square Enix. He has already played for approximately 14 hours and is thoroughly enjoying the game, stating that it is even more exciting than he expected.

Moving on to our next story, the popular electronics retailer Big Camera has announced that their theme song has been chosen as the departure melody for JR Yamanote Line's Ikebukuro Station. This collaboration aims to enhance the commuting experience for passengers and promote the Big Camera brand.

Now, let's discuss the latest developments in the broadcasting industry. The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has revealed that NHK's internet streaming service will be considered an 'essential service' under the revised Broadcasting Act. This means that even those without a television can access NHK's programs through online streaming.

In other news, Muji, known for its cost-effective products, has released five new USB chargers. These include three rapid chargers, two chargers that can also be used as portable batteries, and eight USB cables made from silicone. With these new additions, Muji continues to provide convenient and affordable charging solutions.

Shifting our focus to online communication, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has announced the approval of a revised bill known as the 'Information Protection Law,' previously referred to as the 'Provider Responsibility Restriction Law.' This amendment aims to expedite the removal of defamatory and abusive content online by mandating service providers to establish a dedicated contact point for reporting such content.

Lastly, let's talk about the current state of Docomo's network quality. Since early 2023, Docomo has been facing criticism for a decline in network performance. Despite implementing various measures to address the issue, there are still reports of users experiencing difficulties in establishing stable connections. As a result, Docomo is currently facing a lack of positive discussions surrounding its network quality.

That's all for today's news. Stay tuned for more updates from TotemoTech.   Visit JapanDailyNews.com for the news, yen exchange rates, and a daily Japanese proverb.
